Al - Zaman : American force kill Shaikh Abdullah al - Ani , the preacher at the mosque in the town of Qaim , near the Syrian border .
[ this killing of a respected cleric will be cause we trouble for year to come . ]
DPA : Iraqi authority announce that they have bust up 3 terrorist cell operate in Baghdad .
two of they be be run by 2 official of the Ministry of the Interior !
the MoI in Iraq be equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like have J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level member of the Weathermen bomber back in the 1960 .
the third be be run by the head of a investment firm .
you wonder if he be manipulate the market with he bombing target .
the cell be operate in the Ghazaliyah and al - Jihad district of the capital .
although the announcement be probably make to show progress in identify and break up terror cell , I _ find the news that the Baathist continue to penetrate the Iraqi government very hopeful .
it remind I too much of the ARVN officer who be secretly work for the other side in Vietnam .
Al - Zaman : guerrilla kill a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnap he in Mosul .
the police commander of Ninevah Province announce that bombing have decline 80 percent in Mosul , whereas there have be a big jump in the number of kidnapping .
on Wednesday guerrilla have kidnap a cosmetic surgeon and he wife while they be on they way home .
in Suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs be discover before they could be detonate .
( Kut be in southeastern Iraq and have a overwhelmingly Shiite population , who be on the lookout for Baathist saboteur and willingly turn they in .
this willingness be the main difference in the number of bombing in the south as oppose to the center - north of the country . )
in Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain , assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah University , be assassinate with he driver in the Salikh district .
guerrilla kill a engineer , Asi Ali , from Tikrit .
they also kill Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit .
he mother be also kill in the attack .
two other Dulaim leader have be kill in the past week and a half .
guerrilla near Hawijah launch a attack that leave 6 dead , include 4 Iraqi soldier .
one of they be from the Jubur tribe and be deputy commander of the Hawijah garrison .
two hundred member of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim demonstrate in Baghdad on Friday , protest the killing of they clan elder , Shaikh Kadhim Sarhid and 4 of he son , by gunman wear Iraqi army uniform .
( this be a largely Sunni Arab clan , and some Sunni observer have accuse Shiite element in the government of be behind the assassination ; it be more likely the work of Sunni Arab guerrilla punish the Batawi leader for cooperate with the December 15 election . )
Al - Zaman : the Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday deny a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude 51 individual from run on party list in the December 15 election on grounds of have be sufficiently involved in Baath activity to warrant they be exclude from civil office .
the commission say it have no legal grounds for such a exclusion .
this item be a small one and easily miss .
but in my view it be highly significant .
the Debaathification Commission have be push by Ahmad Chalabi and he Iraqi National Congress very hard , and have push many Sunni Arab into the arm of the guerrilla .
Chalabi have be increasingly marginalize within Iraq , however , despite he tie of clientelage with Washington and Tehran .
he be no long in the dominant Shiite list , the United Iraqi Alliance , and _ have many seat in the new parliament .
some 2000 junior officer of the old Baath army have be recall to duty in recent month , something Chalabi would have block if he could have .
now the Electoral Commission be refuse to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership .
the situation in Iraq be only go to get good this way .
if someone commit a crime against humanity , prosecute the person .
if he or she do not , then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqi .
Al - Sharq al - Awsat report that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail have die .
a team from the court manage to take he deposition before he die .
the trial begin again November 28 .
in Baghdad the fighting still continue in several area , mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiya .
Baghdadi _ venture much out of they neighbourhood any more , you never know where you might get stuck .
there have be talk that the night curfew might be implement again .
my neighbourhood have be surround by American troops for three day now , helicopter have be circle over we head non-stop .
fedayeen be now visible on the street and they have become bold than ever .
yesterday there be ten of they put road block on we street and set up mortar , they only come out in the open when American leave the area , then they start fire mortar indiscriminately and shoot they ak - 47' in the air .
they be set the road block at the exact same position they be during the war last year , which indicate they be the same people .
and there be nothing we can do about it really , people who be suggest that we go out and fight they be live in dream land .
even the IP and ICDC have abandon the neighbourhood , and that be trained and armed , so _ expect scared civilian to do anything except to hide inside and pray a helicopter or a tank _ bomb they , and also how be American soldier go to distinguish the brave and valiant civilian from the fedayeen ?
everyone be apprehensive , there be some talk that April 9th and 10th be go to be bloody day .
most people _ go to work the last few day , although it seem that the rest of Baghdad be ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal be ) .
there be rumour about preparation by slum dweller for another looting spree against bank , governmental and public property similar to the one that take place last April , and I have already overhear youngster in my neighbourhood joke about it and say thing like " this time we will be the first to loot , we _ get anything the last time " .
mosque be call for donate blood , food , and medicine for Fallujah , and several convoy have already head out for Fallujah , most of they return late though .
what irritate I be this sudden false ' solidarity ' between Sunni and shi'ite cleric , we all know that they would be glad to get at each _ throat when they have the chance , and shia cleric be describe fallujan insurgents as ' Ba'athist ' , ' Saddamite ' , ' Wahhabi ' , and ' terrorist ' just a few day ago .
so what happen ?
I guess _ just the old new Arab ' I against my brother , I and my brother against my cousin , I and my cousin against my enemy ' , or ' the enemy of my enemy be my friend ' thing go on again .
speak of Fallujah , we have only Al - Jazeera to rely on for we news from there .
they have send over they top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he be spout all kind of propaganda hourly remind I of Al - Sahhaf .
" they be target ambulance " , " American sniper be shoot child and pregnant woman " , and " they be use cluster bomb against civilian " be all you get to hear from he .
he do once make a unforgivable error when he mention that fallujan militant be shoot at the Marine from the roof of mosque and house in Hay Al - Golan , but of course that be okay for Al - Jazeera .
someone who call himself Abu Hafs from the Ibn Al - Khattab Brigade ( another new group ) be on Al - Jazeera describe the enormous casualty among the Marine and he swear that American soldier be mutilate the body of dead insurgent .
over 300 Iraqi be report dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone .
Al - Iraqiyah tv say that ICDC be control Ramadi .
Azzaman newspaper mention a announcement sign by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin , a Al - Qaeda operative in Saudi Arabia on a Islamic website ' the voice of Jihad ' , in which he state that " although mutilate dead body be not originally permit in Islam , but in this case it be allow if Muslim use it against infidel to deter they from commit criminal action " .
he add that " America do not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they be kick out of Somalia in humiliation after that soldier be drag in Mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead body of American and Jew would be drag , defile , and step on in the Arabian peninsula together with they agent and supporter " .
_ motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl have revive interest in one of the most serious nuclear disaster in history .
we all know what happen , but even to this day , there be many different version and opinion on how it happen and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affect by the fallout .
update :
now you can tour Chernobyl and write you own story .
this be not a post about fault - finding or assign blame .
it be a time to learn what happen and how it may affect the future .
there be a soothing authoritative UNSCEAR ( United Nation Scientific Committee on the Effect of Atomic Radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effect of Chernobyl confirm that there be no scientific evidence of any significant radiation - related health effect to most people expose .
this be heavily promote by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release title the MYTHS of CHERNOBYL which contain the follow :
one of the most widespread myth of recent time be that the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 cause many thousand of extra cancer death in neighbour region , and that public health have be severely affect by exposure to radiation .
many people still believe that to be true , even though the Ministry of Russian federation on Civil Defence , Emergency and Elimination of Conseguence of Natural Disaster ( EMERCOM of Russia ) report this in 1996 :
CHERNOBYL accident : ten year on
in the last decade , there have be a real and significant increase in childhood and , to a certain extent , adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminate region of the former Soviet Union ( Wi940 ) which should be attribute to the Chernobyl accident until prove otherwise .
the prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) publish a early report on Chernobyl which be base on information from Russian source and state that there be no significant health effect .
however , in April 2001 , the IAEA publish Fifteen Year after the Chernobyl Accident - Lesson learn . which contradict the early report .
here be some excerpt :
the dramatic increase in radiation - induce thyroid cancer in child and adolescent in Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine , which have be observe since 1991 , continue to this day .
... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in _ reproductive health , a increase in complication during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....
the dynamics of change in the state of health of child affect by the Chernobyl accident in all three country - Belarus , Russia , and Ukraine - in the post-accident period be characterize by persistent negative tendency : the morbidity rate be go up , the number of really healthy child be drop , and disability be increase .
as a parent , I can well imagine how painful it must be for that family whose child be succumb to radiation poisoning .
there be a lot to learn about Chernobyl .
be well - inform will give you certainty and that be desirable in a world of conflict report .
there be a wealth of reference on Chernobyl .
read some of the follow link and draw you own conclusion .
this link present the many viewpoint that exist and still exist about the disaster call Chernobyl :
IAEA report Lesson learn
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/ibrae/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
http://digon_va.tripod.com/chernobyl.htm
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93marples.html
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm
http://www.chernobyl.info/en
http://www.arps.org.au/chernobyl.htm
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html
I would be interested in hear what conclusion you reach and what you find that be most convincing .
radiation :
as a child in the 50' I have a lot of glandular problem and they treat it with radiation therapy ( primitive at good ! ) and stop when a lesion on my neck start enlarge -- they say it be not ca but stop the treatment ....
remember the old shoe size machine that be a form of radiation xray ?
that too be stop .
_ have to mention what radiation have do and be still do to Hiroshima & Nagasaki folk -- there can be no doubt about the effect of radiation in Chernobyl .......
the Chernobyl _ Project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offer several way to help the child of that region .
one of they be the Rest and Recuperation Program , wherein a child can come to the US for a few week in the summer .
even a little time spend receive wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add year to they life .
S. and I have a acquaintance who have host several of this child for many year ; to see this little one break the heart .
the urge to protect and gather they all in be almost overwhelming , and make I more grateful for the blessing I have .
take care , my friend , Linda
_ sorry to say _ story have be reveal to be a fake .
what do the new al - Qaeda videotape and audio speech of Bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri tell we about the hope of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?
because the US and Pakistan have manage to capture or kill about 2 / 3 of the top 25 al - Qaeda commander , the middle manager be not in close contact with al - Zawahiri and Bin Laden .
the tape be a way to signal priority .
this be 1 ) assassinate or overthrow Gen. Pervez Musharraf , the Pakistani military " president " who have make a coup in 1999 and have throw in he lot with the United State against the Taliban and al - Qaeda .
Musharraf have be try to purge he officer corps of the substantial number of al - Qaeda sympathizer .
he military intelligence have capture major figure like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - Qaeda operative , over 400 of whom the Pakistani have turn over to the US .
Musharraf hold election in October of 2002 , in which center - right party do well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seat go to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , MMA .
MMA also capture the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelter Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and be in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .
if al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against he by Islamist junior officer , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political ally and host .
they would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operation , which be also a nuclear power .
all this be highly unlikely , as with most al - Qaeda crackpot scheme .
but so be it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan .
response : the US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .
on the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off he uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuate he dictatorship .
on the other , restriction should be lift on the mainstream Muslim League - N and Pakistan _ Party , who can defeat the MMA in fair election if not hogtie by the secret police .
on the other hand , the US should strong - arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .
Al - Zawahiri attempt to use _ lack of progress in help the Muslim of that Indian state as a justification for he overthrow .
the Kashmir issue generate far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever do .
2 ) target Israel and encourage the bad element of the Palestinian by play on the iron fist policy of the Sharon government .
response : the US have succeed in politically isolate Hamas , and start the process of cut off its funding .
this terrorist organization can now only pull off far less sophisticated bombing and attack .
it should continue to be defange .
but _ iron fist be simply not work as a means of establish general peace , and the Bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop he outrage in and colonization of the West Bank and Gaza .
_ hard line have work in tandem with _ terrorism to ratchet up tension far and far , which spill over into the Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al - Qaeda in its search for agent willing to hit the United State .
Israel owe the United State at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocation and establish genuine peace .
3 ) make Iraq another Afghanistan , use the Republican _ own tactic against they .
response : Iraq be actually hostile territory for al - Qaeda , and without Iraqi sympathizer it _ succeed there .
by move quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi life , the US may be able to get Iraqi on its side , so that they turn in the foreigner .
certainly , the Shiite already hate al - Qaeda and would help ; likewise the Kurd .
the problem of mollify the Sunni , though , have to be solve to avoid give al - Qaeda a entrée .
the American have to put away they free - market fetishism for a while and find way of create job and pump money into Iraqi household .
we need a FDR in Iraq , not a Ronald Reagan .
of course , the soon the US soldier can be withdraw in favor of less - provocative local or international force , the good .
get the Spanish out of Iraq _ nearly as good a rallying cry for al - Qaeda in the Arab world as get the American and British out .
the thing to keep in mind be that Sunni Arab nationalist and Baathist and local Sunni radical be likely to remain far more dangerous to the US in Iraq than al - Qaeda infiltrator , and it would be dangerous to take _ eye off the former ball .
George W. Bush allege Thursday that John Edwards lack the experience necessary to be president .
the problem with this argument be that Bush lack the experience necessary to be president when he run in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoist he by he own petard .
_ just remember a seminal Bush moment in 1999 :
' Bush fail _ pop quiz on international leader
November 5 , 1999
web post at : 3:29 p.m. EST ( 2029 GMT )
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Texas Gov. George W. Bush be endure sharp criticism for be unable to name the leader of four current world hot spot , but President Bill Clinton say Bush " should , and probably will , pick up " that name .
the front - runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination falter Thursday in a international affair pop quiz pose by Andy Hiller , a political reporter for WHDH - TV in Boston .
Bush
Hiller ask Bush to name the leader of Chechnya , Taiwan , India and Pakistan .
Bush be only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of Taiwan , refer to Taiwanese President Lee Teng - hui simply as " Lee . "
he could not name the other .
" can you name the general who be in charge of Pakistan ? "
Hiller ask , inquire about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf , who seize control of the country October 12 .
" wait , wait , be this 50 question ? " ask Bush .
Hiller reply : " no , _ four question of four leader in four hot spot . " . . .
Bush , in answer the question about the leader of Pakistan , also say : " the new Pakistani general , _ just be elect -- not elect , this guy take over office .
it appear this guy be go to bring stability to the country and I think _ good news for the subcontinent . "
Gore release a statement Friday take Bush to task for he comment on _ recent coup .
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in we country -- the _ old democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore say .
" further , I find it even more disturbing that he make this comment about a nation that just last year test nuclear weapon -- shortly after voice he public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .
a spokesman for President Clinton also criticize _ comment .
" it be very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elect government , " say David Leavy , spokesman for the National Security Council .
not only do Bush not know who General Pervez Musharraf be , he seem to have confuse coup - making with " take office , " and moreover go on to suggest that the overthrow of a elect prime minister and the installation in power of the Pakistan military , then the _ strong supporter of the Taliban , would bring " stability ! "
Musharraf make he coup in part because of the _ anger over Prime Minister Nawaz _ willingness to back down from confront India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly come to power as a warmonger .
I _ tell you how ominous I find _ performance in that interview .
I still remember he stutter about " the general , " unable to remember _ name .
he obviously have no idea what he be talk about , though he demonstrate a number of ill - fated instinct .
he obviously like authoritarian rule well than democracy , equate dictatorship with " stability . "
and , he _ think he need to know anything about South Asia , with its nuclear giant and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the US .
he _ tell when thing be become more unstable as oppose to less .
Musharraf go on to play nuclear brinkmanship with India in 2002 , risk war twice that year .
although Musharraf do turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , element of he military continue to support radical Islamism and have recently be implicate in assassination attempt on Musharraf himself .
this be the body that Bush proclaim be bring " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .
so , one answer to _ charge about Edwards be that if it have any merit , Bush should have decline to run himself .
another answer be that Edwards certainly know far more about foreign affair now than Bush do then .
indeed , give how Bush have rampage around the world alienate ally and ignore vital conflict with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards know more now than Bush do .
this be what _ campaign literature say about he position : " Edwards believe that the U.S. must be a active leader to help resolve conflict , from reduce tension between India and Pakistan to the peace process in Northern Ireland .
Edwards be a strong supporter of Israel , and believe that the U.S. have a vital role in promote peace between the Israeli and the Palestinian . "
I _ see Bush do any of this .
from _ Daily Star
by Juan Cole
Friday , June 04 , 2004
as the American public gradually weary of the Iraq crisis , some have begin worry that the war could blow back on the US by create the condition for anti-American terrorism .
Israel , however , be much close to Iraq and be likely to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United State .
ironically , among the strong proponent of war in Iraq be Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and he neoconservative supporter in the US .
have they , however , actually weaken Israeli security ?
the big threat Israel face be not from conventional army but from the asymmetrical tactic of Palestinian national liberation movement .
the derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard - line policy of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada have encourage suicide bombing .
this , in turn , have discourage international investment in Israel and have make it less likely that immigrant to the country will actually remain there .
although Israel withdraw from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , have not be mollify .
it be estimate to have some 5000 armed fighter , and they have pursue attack against Israeli force to compel they to withdraw from the Shebaa Farm , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annex after the 1967 war .
any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on _ security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .
although it be often allege ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein give money to the family of Palestinian suicide bomber and so encourage asymmetrical warfare , it be not clear that he actually pose a danger to Israel .
the Palestinian who have be willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank be not drive by economic consideration .
Saddam never do anything practical to help the Palestinian .
at some point , as in the late 1980 , he reportedly make behind - the - scene overture to the Israeli to arrive at some sort of a deal .
he do not allow Palestinian radical to launch operation against Israel from Iraq .
by the late 1990 , Iraq have no nuclear or biological weapon program , and have destroy its chemical weapon stockpile .
its ramshackle army have virtually collapse before the American invasion in 2003 .
if it be hard to see how Baathist Iraq pose any real threat to Israel , it be not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .
the bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration create a weak and fail state .
armed militia , many staff by former Iraqi military man with substantial training and experience , have proliferate .
the US choose to ally itself with such group as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary be train by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard .
anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling be strong among several major Iraqi ideological group and current .
the more radical Shiite , who generally follow the theocratic notion of _ Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , routinely chant and demonstrate against Israel .
they vehemently protest the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the leader of Hamas , last March .
bad for Israel , the assassination draw a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand Ayatollah Ali Sistani , who wield enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiite .
this Shiite movement have be suppress by Saddam _ regime , but have now organize and arm themselves .
they have also reestablish they historical link with Lebanese and Iranian Shiite .
it be inevitable that most Iraqi Shiite will side with they Hizbullah coreligionist against Israel , and it seem likely that Iraqi Shiite will get rich enough from Iraqi petroleum sale in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll Lebanese Shiite radical .
Sunni Arab fundamentalist deeply sympathize with the Palestinian and with Hamas , and that in Iraq have deep historical ink with fundamentalist in Jordan and Palestine .
Iraqi city such as Fallujah and Ramadi be on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad , and so come under the influence of the Salafi movement , which be popular in Jordan .
secular Arab nationalist group also universally sympathize with the Palestinian , and that in post-saddam Iraq be no exception .
whereas Saddam _ dictatorship ensure that such populist current be keep firmly under control , they be now free to organize .
a Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militia proliferate be inevitably a security worry for Israel .
if even a modicum of normality and security can be return to Iraq , its citizen will be able to benefit from the _ petroleum reserve .
that private wealth can easily be funnel into aid for the Palestinian and for Lebanese Shiite .
_ security interest be well serve by peace with its neighbor , which can only be achieve by trade land for peace with the Palestinian .
Ariel _ aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupy West Bank and he indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have create unprecedented rage and violence .
the anger have spread throughout the Muslim world , include Iraq .
the promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupation - in the West Bank and in Iraq - have profoundly weaken , not strengthen , Israeli security .
Juan Cole ( www.juancole.com ) be a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of " Sacred Space and Holy War " ( I.B. Tauris , 2002 ) .
the DAILY STAR publish this commentary in agreement with Agence Global
Tamil feel that the propose defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala ruler to prepare for another war abandon the current peace process
but there be strong hint in the country that a new Indo - Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .
and this have already draw protest from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which be back by the LTTE in the April general election hold in Sri Lanka .
apart from the 1200 Indian life lose in 1987 , the Indian peacekeeping force be immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who consider it a violation of they _ sovereignty .
India defensive over Sri Lanka
by Ranjit Devraj
NEW DELHI -
while India be ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with Sri Lanka , it be wary of be draw into any military involvement in the island _ two decade - old civil war that have see violent strife between ethnic Tamil and the Sinhalese majority - leave over 60000 dead on both side .
and that explain the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that be at the heart of sri lankan President Chandrika _ four - day visit to India recently .
accord to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talk between Colombo and the Liberation Tiger of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) be stalemate .
for that reason , he say , _ government be keen to beef up military preparedness with Indian support .
" the sri lankan government do not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deter the LTTE from start one .
and the Tiger look as if they be on the brink of launch another offensive , " Muni tell IPS .
Colombo hold six round of talk with the Tiger between September 2002 and March 2003 .
but last April , the rebel abruptly pull out of negotiation demand recognition , first , for the right to self - rule before proceed any further .
_ India tour precede a three - day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talk that be suppose to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully broker in February 2002 .
Petersen hold discussion with both Kumaratunga and the reclusive LTTE leader Velupillai Prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi without success , and chief Tamil rebel negotiator Anton Balasingham and Norwegian envoy Erik Solheim hold close - door talk at the international airport late Saturday in a effort to keep the salvage effort on track , diplomatic source say .
but they , too , fail .
Colombo , too , seem to be in a intractable position .
accord to former Indian army general A S Kalkat , the difficulty for _ government lay in the fact that the LTTE have become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and be run every aspect of civil administration in the area within its control .
a veteran of _ military intervention in the Jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 Indo - Sri Lanka Peace Accord - which ambitiously provide for the disarming of the formidable LTTE - Kalkat say the new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the old one minus its military commitment .
Kalkat , who currently chair the independent US - base International Council on Conflict Resolution , say despite the failure of the Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tiger , India remain the only power capable of influence the course of the current peace talk .
" the Norwegian mean well but they role be limited to that of honest broker and the LTTE be keenly aware that they do not have the power [ unlike India ] to underwrite any arrangement , " Kalkat tell IPS in a interview .
in 1987 , the Tamil Tiger reluctantly accept the peace accord under Indian pressure .
under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council be form and the Indian army be deploy as peacekeeper in the north and east .
however , difference between India and LTTE soon surface and lead to clash between Tiger guerrilla and the Indian peace keeping force .
about 1200 Indian soldier be kill during this phase of the conflict .
India have to pull back its force from Sri Lanka in 1989 follow the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa , a strong critic of Indian mediation .
last June , a international initiative lead by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table fail despite a aid package offer of US$ 4.5 billion .
_ special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who call for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be release , come back from visit to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .
he complain about the " visible lack of progress " and reach a impasse in talk with both side .
the _ chief ideologue , Balasingham , sniff at the proposal say that " a solution to the ethnic conflict _ be predetermine by the resolution or declaration of donor conference , but have to be negotiate by the party in conflict without the constraint of external force . "
but there be strong hint in the country that a new Indo - Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .
and this have already draw protest from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which be back by the LTTE in the April general election hold in Sri Lanka .
" Tamil feel that the propose defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala ruler to prepare for another war abandon the current peace process , " TNA member of parliament P Sithamparanathan be quote as say in a statement .
she add that recent visit to the island by _ top military brass include army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have " cause apprehension among Tamil that preparation be under way for another war in the island " .
but Kalkat point out that India would be ill - advise to be involved again , militarily , with Sri Lanka if only because it still have to consider the sentiment of 45 million ethnic Tamil in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu - separate from Sri _ Jaffna peninsula by the narrow Palk Strait .
apart from the 1200 Indian life lose in 1987 , the Indian peacekeeping force be immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who consider it a violation of they _ sovereignty .
the good option , now , under the present difficult circumstance be for Colombo to do its own dirty work , although New Delhi can always be count on to render good neighborly help because of the share belief that religion , ethnicity and language _ be the basis for secession .
in any case , Kalkat put it succinctly : " there _ be a military option to what be a political situation . "
Asia Times Online 16/11/2004
unreport by the international media , the Valley of Kashmir have see a ethnic and cultural genocide that have result in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the hindu family who have be live there since human habitation be first record .
over nine dozen temple that have serve the hindu population have be destroy , with some use as building material and other as urinal .
thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybody across the world have bother to even notice such a development .
Musharraf call the bluff
M.D. Nalapat
while most U.S. secretary of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobble up credit for outcome that they have little to do with , few have be as brazen as Colin Powell .
two year ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf be surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visit India and issue a series of highly conciliatory statement .
as _ president have be tell the United State he be " force " into take a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this be a embarrassment .
the reality be that India be no long the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan .
that distinction have now go to the United State .
realist , and this even include member of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott , who have long seek to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia , understand the only feasible solution for Kashmir be the acceptance of the status quo .
India keep what it have while Pakistan and China ( which be gift a slice of the territory three decade ago ) do likewise .
simultaneously , New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadi attempt to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan .
Bill Clinton understand this at the end of he term in office yet , under Colin Powell ( who appear to have a affinity for general active in politics ) , the pendulum of U.S. policy have once again swing toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the Valley of Kashmir loose from India .
this , _ lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca have be tell , be the " minimum " that the Pakistan army will accept .
it be also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver .
this writer have for year regard the good solution to the Kashmir problem as be the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a hindu - majority Jammu , a Buddhist - dominate Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley , with the third state give little of _ money but substantial autonomy .
with luck , the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other location where Muslim be dominant and become a tourist , education and service haven within India .
the overwhelming majority of Muslim in Kashmir would be happy with such a outcome , except for the tiny jihadi segment patronize by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army , which would like to even the score with India for they catastrophic defeat in Bangladesh in 1971 .
unreport by the international media , the Valley of Kashmir have see a ethnic and cultural genocide that have result in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu family who have be live there since human habitation be first record .
over nine dozen temple that have serve the hindu population have be destroy , with some use as building material and other as urinal .
thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybody across the world have bother to even notice such a development .
indeed , they report be fill with tale of the " atrocity " of Indian troops on the innocent jihadi .
despite September 11 , the United State still support the Kashmir group that back jihad as part of the price Washington be pay to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .
unfortunately for they , the general have decide to take seriously Colin _ frequent boast that it be on he nudging that the Indian make conciliatory gesture toward Islamabad .
the U.S. State Department and the misname think tank that follow its lead have hold numerous conference on Kashmir and , in most of they , the solution that have emerge be a valley prize loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova .
that India be not Yugoslavia and that the " foreigner - lead " Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism , have not strike the conferee , among whom have be several Indian " scholar " and " analyst " ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna .
despite many wrinkle , India remain a part - democracy and merely sign on to a piece of paper that call for a independent Kashmir do not get you into the trouble that write a op - ed piece against Sonia Gandhi or Atal Behari Vajpayee would instantly .
it be the business community in India that step in after Vajpayee indulge in a empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , point out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- be around the corner in the subcontinent be China .
the reason for this be that India be emerge as a alternative investment destination to China , hence the favor that the general in Islamabad do to they trusty supplier of nuke and missile by create a scare about war involve India when in fact the real flashpoint be the Taiwan Strait and North Korea .
since then , India have talk peace while always signal that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement : a line of action that be follow in the case of dispute with China as well .
unfortunately for that eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia , Pervez Musharraf have now call Colin _ bluff , challenge he to deliver on he frequent statement imply that the Indian jump to he command .
once the Manmohan Singh government show that it have little appetite for suicide , Musharraf will face the moment of truth : accept the inevitable , or once again ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killer that can hit not merely Mumbai and New Delhi but London and Chicago as well .
the one country that have show that it understand the reality in South Asia be China .
under President Hu Jintao , Beijing have open out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao be expect to visit early next year , make friend by formally accept Sikkim as part of India and back India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council -- thus leave Washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that have not yet do so .
with Colin Powell around , the U.S. have no need of a Osama bin Laden
M.D. Nalapat , a expert on jihad , be professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of High Education , India .
Washington Times 28/10/2004
ok .
we all know that John Kerry serve in Vietnam .
four whole month , after which he take advantage of a little - know , little - invoke regulation that allow he to desert he " band of brother " .
we also know how Dan Rather libel George Bush and impugn he service in the Texas Air National Guard on a " 60 Minute ii " report base largely on forge document .
during he time in the Guard , George Bush fly the F - 102 Delta Dagger fighter - interceptor .
the F - 102 see service in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969 .
during this time , F - 102 squadron be base out of Tan Son Nhut , Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam , and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand .
( click here for source . )
as far as George Bush know , he and he unit could have be transfer to Vietnam .
in all this so - call controversy , have anyone consider that perhaps George Bush just want to fly jet ?
and , _ remember , fly supersonic fighter jet be dangerous !
they _ let just anybody do it .
some reporter ( you know , the one with journalistic ethic ) have actually uncover the truth about George _ service in the Texas Air National Guard .
for example , do you know that George Bush spend considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry ?
what follow be the text of a e-mail send to I by a friend of mine ( thanks to Dave Manzano ) .
read on to learn the fact .
---------
_ National Guard year
before you fall for _ spin , here be the fact
what do you really know about George W. _ time in the Air National Guard ?
that he _ show up for duty in Alabama ?
that he miss a physical ?
that he daddy get he in ?
news coverage of the _ year in the Guard have tend to focus on one brief portion of that time - to the exclusion of virtually everything else .
so just for the record , here , in full , be what Bush do :
the future president join the Guard in May 1968 .
almost immediately , he begin a extended period of training .
six week of basic training .
fifty - three week of flight training .
twenty - one week of fighter - interceptor training .
that be 80 week to begin with , and there be other training period throw in as well .
it be full - time work .
by the time it be over , Bush have serve nearly two year .
not two year of weekend .
two year .
after training , Bush keep fly , rack up hundred of hour in F - 102 jet .
as he do , he accumulate point toward he National Guard service requirement .
at the time , guardsman be require to accumulate a minimum of 50 point to meet they yearly obligation .
accord to record release early this year , Bush earn 253 point in he first year , May 1968 to May 1969 ( since he join in May 1968 , he service thereafter be measure on a May - to - May basis ) .
Bush earn 340 point in 1969 - 1970 .
[ in other word , Bush earn enough point to satisfy the requirement for he entire six year hitch in 1969 - 1970 alone .
- acd ]
he earn 137 point in 1970 - 1971 .
and he earn 112 point in 1971 - 1972 .
the number indicate that in he first four year , Bush not only show up , he show up a lot .
do you know that ?
that bring the story to May 1972 - the time that have be the focus of so many news report - when Bush " desert " ( accord to anti-bush filmmaker Michael Moore ) or go " awol " ( accord to Terry McAuliffe , chairman of the Democratic National Committee ) .
Bush ask for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign .
he superior officer say ok .
request like that _ unusual , say retire Col. William Campenni , who fly with Bush in 1970 and 1971 .
" in 1972 , there be a enormous glut of pilot , " Campenni say .
" the Vietnam War be wind down , and the Air Force be put pilot in desk job .
in '72 or '73 , if you be a pilot , active or Guard , and you have a obligation and want to get out , no problem .
in fact , you be help they solve they problem . "
so Bush stop fly .
from May 1972 to May 1973 , he earn just 56 point - not much , but enough to meet he requirement .
then , in 1973 , as Bush make plan to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School , he again start show up frequently .
in June and July of 1973 , he accumulate 56 point , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973 - 1974 year .
then , at he request , he be give permission to go .
Bush receive a honorable discharge after serve five year , four month and five day of he original six - year commitment .
by that time , however , he have accumulate enough point in each year to cover six year of service .
during he service , Bush receive high mark as a pilot .
a 1970 evaluation say Bush " clearly stand out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot " and be " a natural leader whom he contemporary look to for leadership . "
a 1971 evaluation call Bush " a exceptionally fine young officer and pilot " who " continually fly intercept mission with the unit to increase he proficiency even far . "
and a 1972 evaluation call Bush " a exceptional fighter interceptor pilot and officer . "
now , it be only natural that news report question _ service - in the Boston Globe and the New York Times , on CBS and in other outlet - would come out now .
Democrat be spitting mad over attack on John _ record by the group Swift Boat Veteran for Truth .
and , as it be with Kerry , _ reasonable to look at a _ entire record , include he military service - or lack of it .
voter be perfectly able to decide whether _ important or not in November .
the Kerry camp blame Bush for the Swift boat _ attack , but anyone who have spend much time talk to the Swifties get the sense that they be do it entirely for they own reason .
and it should be note in passing that Kerry have personally question _ service , while Bush have not personally question _ .
in April - before the Swift boat veteran have say a word - Kerry say Bush " have yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he show up for duty . "
early , Kerry say , " just because you get a honorable discharge do not , in fact , answer that question . "
now , after the Swift boat episode , the spotlight have return to Bush .
_ fine .
we should know as much as we can .
and perhaps someday Kerry will release more of he military record as well .
Byron York be a White House correspondent for National Review .
he column appear in the Hill each week .
one week to election day and the general atmosphere in the capital be eerie , yet strikingly familiar .
I suspect the street of Baghdad will look as if a war be loom this week .
there be no doubt that many Iraqi regard the date of 30 January as a day of renew hope , one they have be await all they life , but at the same time , many other be already dread it .
the interim government have promise security measure that would reduce the violence on the day of election , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5000 ( or so ) balloting centre .
many voting centre have already be successfully attack or destroy in many area .
now that the picture be clear , the two main compete list seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and _ Al - Iraqiya list .
Ayad Allawi , and other minister run on he list , have quite expectedly use they governmental position in campaigning .
one minister reportedly hand out 100 dollar ' gift ' to journalist attend a press conference for Allawi , a practice that bring back bad memory to many Iraqi .
Sheikh Naji Al - Abbudi , a spokesman for Sistani , affirm the claim that the Grand Ayatollah be back the United Iraqi Coalition list .
indeed , _ agent all over the country have be quite active in educate Iraqi Shia on the merit of election , which have lead to the assassination of at least two of they .
Al - Abbudi state that " he Emminence " decide to openly support the list because " other " ( obviously a reference to Allawi ) have be abuse official state position and media outlet in they campaigning .
again there be no official write statement from _ office confirm this allegation , which I think be intentional .
Ahmed Al - Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al - Sha'lan have be engage in shrill public attack over the media .
Chalabi describe Sha'lan as a " Ba'athist " and a " former double agent for Saddam and the CIA " , while Sha'lan dismiss Chalabi as a " thief " and a " Iranian stooge who long for he own origin by defend Iran " .
one remark make by Sha'lan on Al - Arabiya TV , that he _ say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewer almost make I roll on the floor .
it be a extremely amusing episode , watch Chalabi look smug and amused , contrast with Sha'lan , all serious and barely keep himself from swear .
fistfight , please .
Hazim Al - Sha'lan , by the way , be the son of the late Sheikh of Al - Khaza'il in Diwaniya and have the potential to replace former information minister , M.S. Al - Sahaf , in he nonsensical media statement , which can be pass as joke .
the main Kurdish coalition list ( PUK and KDP ) be barely mention outside the Kurdish region .
even there , many Kurd look and act as if they be go to grab the chance to vote they out of power .
I doubt that will be the outcome though .
many Iraqi , include conservative and religious Iraqi , be surprisingly root for the Iraqi Communist party , probably in a attempt to counter the influence of Islamist in the forthcoming National Assembly .
the Communist party have the large number of register party member in the country and can be consider as the old popular political party in Iraq .
its support base be much large than what it seem .
***
several candidate be assassinate and target this last two week , other have be force under threat to withdraw and to follow the example of the Islamic party .
sectarian tension be at they high since April , 2004 , with Sunni insurgent now openly attack Husseiniyas and shia mosque .
I have a interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who use to live in Fallujah and be now at relative in Amiriya , Baghdad .
after ask I which tribe I belong to ( thus assess my sectarian background ) he start hurl abuse at the Shia , call they Persian , Majoo ( fire worshipper ) , rabid dog and a handful of other description that I _ mention here .
he describe _ face as that of a f*ed horse and he dismiss the whole government as a band of thief and traitor .
I _ argue with he but I ask he what he believe would be a viable solution to this mess .
he say that resistance be the only commonsense solution .
first drive out the American , then fight the Shia back into submission ( as in 1991 ) .
Sunni Iraqi contend that election be impossible to hold under occupation .
leave aside the fact that this views conflict with other historical example in the region , Sunni have never offer a alternative choice , which eventually lead one to guess that the opinion hold by the fallujan taxi driver above be precisely what they be plan to implement .
I have another conversation some month ago with a retire Ba'athist old - timer who claim that Ba'athist have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and return to power within 10 hour of a American withdrawal .
on sense my incredulity to he statement he assert that Ba'athist cell exist in all part of the country and that they do have a central command , even though many have form seperate cell ( often under Islamic label ) with they own leadership .
he say that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbour and regional government .
I concur that Ba'athist and former security force be capable of immediately control at least 5 out of 18 governorate , along with the capital , if American be to be remove from the picture entirely .
but I also see that as a fatal misconception , which be do Sunni harm , because I _ believe the US be go anywhere so soon .
any government that assume power after the election also realise this , so not even Sistani be go to call the US to withdraw its troops , despite what he be say now , not until they be ensure the insurgency be out of the picture , or that they have a alternative foreign power ( in this case Iran ) to back they up .
the only hope now be that , follow the election , the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissent party .
I would suggest go for tribal sheikh rather than cleric , since they have the upper hand in they area and can effectively root out any Ba'athist in they midst in return for a promise of share power and authority .
many of this sheikh have be disenfranchise and abuse over the last two year .
very recently , US force in Al - Anbar make a terrible blunder by accidentally kill Abdul - Razaq Inad Al - Gu'ud , Sheikh of the Al - Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe .
Al - Gu'ud have favour election and be in good term with the government .
the Gu'ud family even accept to be offer the seat of Al - Anbar governor some month back .
the Al - Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al - Qaim rise in arm against Saddam in the mid-ninety follow the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al - Dulaymi , a Air Force general belong to they tribe .
the revolt take two week to be suppress by the Republican Guard .
another bad step be the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al - Lihabi , of the Lihaib tribe which be scatter between the governorate of Al - Anbar , Mosul and Salah Al - Din .
Al - Lihaibi be run in election and be now say to have withdraw follow this incident .
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq .
the Shia _ live without the Sunni , and vice versa .
both have share this country for the last 14 century and there be no possible way that one can live without the other .
even partition be not a possibility , there be no clear border between the two .
remember Luis Posada Carriles ?
_ a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo , publish yesterday .
( " at first I hide a lot .
I think the US government be look for I .
now I hide a lot less . " )
because of such talk , Posada have be take into custody by immigration official .
I _ imagine they want to do this .
authority would likely have be happy answer question about _ whereabouts with a indefinite shrug .
as recently as last week the official line state they have no knowledge he have enter the country .
but comfortable among the thug , Posada overplay he hand and embarrass he old patron , the US government .
and though _ be a faithful servant , he be not such a player that he could get away with that .
he should have take a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigner want extradite , CIA operative Michael Meiring .
Posada should have tell any inquisitive journalist at he doorstep something like Meiring tell the single American reporter who bother follow he bloody trail from the Philippines , that " if this harm I in any way , you will find my power then , and _ find out who I be . "
but then , maybe that _ have save he either , because Posada be not Meiring .
Posada can be give up , but Meiring _ .
_ crime be fresh , and wave the false flag which be the " war on terror . "
they happen in the Philippines which , like Pakistan , be a important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agency and terrorist organization conduct with each other .
( ask Terry Nichols about the Philippines . )
the bombing implicate Muslim , and exacerbate regional tension which the Bush regime and its friend wear the brass in the philippine military seek to exploit .
_ crime , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who _ know they history .
and to that who _ even know they crime , not even that .
but will Posada be give up ?
I doubt he will be extradite to Venezuela , which be the only way that question could be answer with a yes .
I expect it will be determine that , under " strong man " Hugo Chavez , Posada could not be guarantee a fair trial .
the hope may be that Posada can soon be offer to a post-chavez Allawi - like puppet in Caracas .
whether such a offer be accept or decline would make no difference ; justice would not be serve then .
but _ nearly 80 year old , and the Venezuelan people will ensure _ a vain hope .
so instead Posada may be hold indefinitely , in comfortable custody .
a embarrassment to the US still , just not as embarrassing as have the old killer strut about Miami , gloat in he freedom .
Meiring be more than a embarrassment .
he case threaten the consensus fiction of the " war on terror . "
so he name will remain unspoken .
another connection to philippine terror and weapon smuggling - date from the 1980 - be allege in the book Disposable Patriot , by Jack Terrell .
Terrell , a CIA asset originally recruit for the Contra effort , identify the man attempt to recruit he into the philippine scheme as Oliver North ...
I seem to recall the object be to smuggle explosive .
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/asin/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939
_ read the book - _ a first person memoir with the ring of truth , especially since so much of the wide context have confirm the allegation of Contra drug connection that lead to Terrell become a target for discrediting by the TWIG counterintelligence group that run interference for the Contra effort , staff by covert op type include Ollie North , Robert Owen , Vince Cannistaro and Buck Revell .
Peter Dale Scott include a account of how _ whistleblowing be stifle by they in he book Cocaine Politics .
... same ole , same ole ...
due to the judge in the 1983 case rule that a CIA agent could not testify use a pseudonym , therefore open he to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution have a problem .
they need someone that could convince the jury they have be able to see all relevant document in CIA file on Wilson .
Wilson be claim that he have be work for the CIA when he sell the c - 4 to Quaddaffi .
the prosecution be charge he be a rogue use he contact from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .
Wilson have be able to show that _ have more than 80 " non-social contact " with the CIA since he retirement in 1971 , leave the _ case in turmoil .
then Charles A. Briggs come to the rescue .
third rank CIA officer , Briggs sign a declaration on February 3rd , 1983 , that on November 8th , 1982 , he have authorize a search of CIA record " for any material that in any way pertain to Edwin P. Wilson , or the various allegation concern he activity after February 28th , 1971 , when he retire from the CIA . "
the Briggs Declaration state that with one exception in 1972 , Wilson do not work " directly or indirectly " for the CIA since retire .
http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/
last week , Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston , Texas , throw out _ two - decade old conviction .
Judge Hughes write : ` government knowingly use false evidence against he , ' conclude ` honesty come hard to government . '
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html
look like it be rear its head again in Louisianna ..
former pastor , deputy implicate in church child sex abuse
PONCHATOULA , La. --
_ deputy in Louisiana make a third arrest Wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involve allegation of sexual abuse of child and animal at a Ponchatoula , La. , church .
Austin Aaron Bernard III , 36 , be arrest on a charge of aggravate rape of a child under the age of 13 .
police say Bernard confess to detective that he have sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admit to know about sexual act involve child and a dog that occur at Hosanna Church .
Tangipahoa Parish _ deputy Christopher Blair Labat , 24 , be book Tuesday on one count of aggravate rape and one count of crime against nature .
on Monday , Louis Lamonica , 45 , the former pastor of Hosanna Church , be book with two count of aggravate rape and one count of crime against nature after he walk in to the Livingston Parish _ Office and say he could implicate other in a situation at the church that reportedly occur two year ago .
we have a similar case unravel up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing child take for some purpose .
if I be Rummy _ send Posada to Iraq to blow thing up there .
yeah , " thing " ...
yesterday evening , the Posada story be feature in the public television news show in Germany ( ARD , Tagesthemen ) .
the newly release paper , show he complicit in the airliner bombing , be mention
gandalf
now _ a post I can relate to .
you really get I think , I enjoy read this blog .
I _ know how other feel , but _ definitely look into immigration to Canada as a option .
the good old US of America _ what it use to be .
I like you blog .
please check out my who let the dog out blog .
hey _ a great blog , I also have a site about Los Angeles online dating
you can check it out : Los Angeles online dating
this be a excellent blog .
keep it go .
this may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service .
it pretty much cover dating stuff .
_ be sure to come back .
hey I just love you blog .
I also have a dating advice blog / site .
I mostly deal with dating advice
please come and check it out if you get the time !
I be search for dog food info and find this post .
I agree totally !
Paul
how would you like to know how you can live in a beautiful new house that be custom - design to you specification ......... and at no cost to you ?
you can do it .
and _ not hard to do .... if you know how .
_ let this pass you by without at least take a look .
the only catch be that you have to have a income above $ 21000 ...... and ...... you have to follow the easy instruction provide to you .
get-a-free-house.com
+ as the implication of the Andaman Island situation sink in , Indian intelligence have inevitably come under scrutiny .
in recent month , its fallibility have become evident .
the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka , and the recent " coup " by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismiss he government and impose a virtual absolute monarchy , be glaring example of intelligence failure . +
trouble on _ island
Ramtanu Maitra
in early February , India charge 34 arakan separatist from Myanmar with hide in the Landfall Island , part of the Andaman Island group ( see end note ) .
this alleged member of the Arakan Army , the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar , have be charge with illegal entry .
it be likely , but not certain , that they will be deport to Myanmar .
but the news of the arakan rebel be just the tip of the iceberg when it come to grow concern in New Delhi over the security of the Andaman Island .
report be circulate in the intelligence community that the Andaman Island be not only thick with Myanmar rebel .
it have also become a arm depot of the Liberation Tiger of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea .
information point in this direction come to light after the December 26 tsunami , which take a heavy toll on the Andaman .
correspondent who flock in to cover the tsunami find they also have another story - the miserable security situation surround the Indian _ Far Eastern Naval Command , now be establish along with _ " blue water navy " .
deteriorate security
security problem in the Andaman Sea be not new , but they have deteriorate during the past few year , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in Bangladesh , Nepal and Bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern Indian state of Manipur , Nagaland and Tripura .
while the Indian army have become rock - solid in the western front , and have develop the capability of withstand any Pakistani adventure in that sector , it have become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy be not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - run militant operate between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh .
the Andaman Sea be a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small island that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group be a natural transit base .
the drug and arm travel in all direction .
since the " Sea Tiger " of the LTTE , well know as the Tamil Tiger , be the one who rule the Andaman Sea : they carry the arm and drug for they own use and also to deliver to rebel in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africa .
it be old news that the Tamil Tiger have develop a strong network within South Africa .
this be not unknown to New Delhi .
a recent report by a journalist from Port Blair , in the Andaman , quote a unnamed official say that foreigner from Myanmar , Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have permanently settle in the island , use fake Indian ration card , while citizen of Thailand , China , Indonesia and Malaysia have migrate temporarily to plunder the natural resource and leave .
" Port Blair , Havelock Island , Diglipur , Middle Nicobar , _ Bay , Neil Island and Rangott be mostly overrun by foreigner , " he say .
a official estimate issue in 2003 suggest there be 50000 " foreigner " in the Andaman Island , but unofficial figure be much high than this .
a large number of they be Bangladeshi , who like million of they countryman have leave they densely populate homeland to settle elsewhere .
as most of they have few technical skill , and the Andaman have little demand for they in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activity .
the presence of the Sea Tiger in the area with gun , cash and drug make the situation extremely dangerous .
report from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi get little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard be grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrant to the island .
one unnamed naval officer be quote say , " arm smuggling be a very profitable business in this region . "
consider the _ huge strategic importance , it be amazing how lax New Delhi have be .
this island sit aside the vital sea lane of the Strait of Malacca , through which 300 tanker and merchant ship pass daily , bring in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .
intelligence lapse
as the implication of the Andaman Island situation sink in , Indian intelligence have inevitably come under scrutiny .
in recent month , its fallibility have become evident .
the inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-india political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka , and the recent " coup " by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismiss he government and impose a virtual absolute monarchy , be glaring example of intelligence failure .
with grow economic and military power , India will be dependent on small nation in the region increasingly to maintain regional security .
unless New Delhi do well in provide security to its own national against rebel , secessionist , drug runner and arm trafficker , it will not generate much confidence in the capital of surround nation .
in fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-india outfit , such as the Pakistani _ Intelligence ( ISI ) and outside - link Maoist , to exploit this network and weaken _ eastern flank .
Indian _ lackluster performance in deal with the LTTE be startling .
this formidable enemy , which give the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980 , have be operate in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .
in 2001 , accord to Indian army official , security force launch a wide - range operation in the 300 - some inhabit island neighbor Andaman and Nicobar , and find huge cache of arm .
the arm be say to belong to the LTTE and " other terrorist group " .
the search - and - destroy operation be carry out by the Indian government after repeat request from Colombo .
in addition , LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea be well known to local observer .
the big LTTE maritime disaster be report in the now - defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .
a shipment of weapon , ammunition and explosive , believe to have be purchase from Cambodia and worth several million dollar , leave the port of Phuket in Thailand in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex - Joux 3 .
as be LTTE standard procedure , the vessel change its name at sea to Horizon .
on its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter be track by the Indian navy and Orissa - base spy plane of _ Aviation Research Center ; it be intercept by Indian naval vessel off Sri _ east coast .
LTTE arm - running
in 1997 , the Thai navy report the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong , and the confiscation of two ton of weapon and ammunition .
among the weapon intercept be two rocket - propel - grenade launcher , 20 assault rifle , m - 79 grenade launcher and more than 10000 round of ammunition .
four person be arrest , reportedly belong to the Manipur Revolutionary _ Front .
six crew member be from the Arakan region of Myanmar .
the boat be head toward _ Bazar in Bangladesh .
until 1995 the LTTE maintain a base at Twante , a island off the coat of Myanmar , west of the Andaman island .
subsequently , Phuket become the _ main backup base .
a Sri Lanka - bear Tamil with a Norwegian passport be arrest by Thai authority in 2000 for he link with the LTTE .
at the time of he arrest , the suspect be allegedly involved in construct a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast .
steady buildup
the real threat to the Andaman island be the steady building - up of port and conduit that serve the Tamil Tiger and a host of less - strong militant group .
over the past decade , Bangladesh have steadily move into a state of lawlessness .
a number of extremist group , under the cover of the Islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-Indian activity .
it be widely acknowledge that the Pakistani ISI have nurture a number of extremist Islamist group , such as the Harkat - ul - Jehad - al - Islami , in the port city of Chittagong , and put a number of secessionist rebel from _ northeast in touch with this terrorist network .
as a result , north of the Andaman Island , Bangladeshi coastal area have become a nest of terrorist involved in the shipment of drug and arm .
a pattern of arrest and seizure indicate that arm be bring by the LTTE from Laos , Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong , from where they be transport northward by land to Bhutan .
the route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to _ Bazar pass through northern Bengal , Assam and Meghalaya , and on into Chittagong .
note
_ Andaman and Nicobar Island comprise more than 500 island lie 1000 kilometer east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal .
stretch 750 kilometer from end to end , they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia .
the Ten Degree Channel divide the Andaman , which be the large and more heavily populate northern island , from the 20 or so Nicobar Island in the south .
on South Andaman , the most heavily populate island , be Port Blair , which be the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .
travel to the Nicobar Island be forbidden to non-Indian , and they be also not allow in some part of South Andaman Island .
Ramtanu Maitra write for a number of international journal and be a regular contributor to the Washington - base EIR and the New Delhi - base Indian Defense Review .
he also write for Aakrosh , _ defense - tie quarterly journal .
[ Karzai also have to deal with the step up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan .
Islamabad accuse New Delhi of use its consulate in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train balochi insurgent who be active in Pakistani Balochistan .
Pakistani official claim there be as many as 42 RAW agent base in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad .
" they have no business be there unless they be undermine Pakistan , '' say a Pakistani official .
both India and Afghanistan deny the claim .
'' should Pakistan show we any evidence of a Indian hand use Afghan soil to work against we neighbour we will take it very seriously , " say Amrullah Saleh the head of _ National Security Directorate . ]
Karzai , Musharraf new regional equation
KABUL :
for the past 25 year landlocked Afghanistan have suffer from constant interference from its neighbour - Pakistan , Iran and the central Asian republic - and regional power - Russia and India .
the neighbour be still interfere , but there be sign that rather than undermine _ stability they may now be try to strengthen it .
" the election should be a reassurance to all we neighbour that a stable Afghanistan , a peaceful Afghanistan be good for all .
nobody should feel a loser in Afghanistan , '' President Hamid Karzai tell _ English daily the Nation .
all the regional country have publicly back the Karzai government and support the electoral process , but serious undercurrent remain as they all have they favourite contender in Afghanistan .
since September 11 , Pakistan have be repeatedly accuse by Afghan and western leader of harbour Taliban extremist who have pledge to disrupt the election , but at the high level the US have avoid criticise President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he be help the US catch Al Qaeda element inside Pakistan .
that change on September 22 when President George W. Bush , Musharraf and Karzai hold a three way meeting in New York on the sideline of the UN General Assembly .
the meeting be push together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who be desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani back Taliban .
western and Afghan diplomat intimately involved with the meeting , say Bush push Musharraf hard on reign in the Taliban so the election could take place peacefully .
'' where be Mullah Omar , Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin Hikmetar ? ''
Bush be report to have ask a flustered Musharraf .
all three be extremist Taliban or they ally and know to be live in Pakistan .
( Mullah Omar be leader of the Taliban , Usmani be the former corps commander of Kandahar under the Taliban regime and now a commander of Taliban force while Hikmetyar head the extremist Hizb - e - Islami . )
'' it be the first time that Bush totally focus on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistani , '' say a western diplomat .
'' Bush be very well brief before the meeting , '' the diplomat say .
a Afghan official at the meeting add , '' the American now realise that the Taliban be a big threat to we security than Al Qaeda . ''
Karzai be clearly pleased at the result .
'' President Musharraf promise to help we and cooperate with we on curb terrorist activity by the Taliban , '' say Karzai .
the next day a angry Musharraf categorically say that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq , a clear snub to the American .
until then he have say _ option be open .
however Pakistani official insist that the decision be unconnected to the tripartite meeting .
US and NATO military officer in Kabul say it be too early to say whether _ tough message be instrumental in persuade Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupt the election .
however there be visible sign of a crackdown on the Pakistan side .
'' Pakistan now have a large force deploy in Baluchistan which be not there before , '' say Lt. General David Barno .
'' there be much good tactical cooperation between we force on both side of the border , but the movement of Taliban still go on both way , '' he add .
also several day before the election Pakistan close the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which be a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan .
however US military officer say regular army officer - many of they Pashtun - lead unit of the Frontier Corps who be on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mulla of the JUI .
at the same time the US remain oblivious of the serious problem and political fallout which the army be face in its operation in Waziristan .
not only be the army face serious political fallout , grow anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal area but it be also take heavy casualty - between 400 - 500 Pakistani soldier have be kill in the region since March .
Musharraf have always maintain that the US have never provide actionable intelligence about Taliban leader hide in Baluchistan .
that too may change .
US and Afghan intelligence will shortly be present the ISI with a list of Taliban extremist and they suspect whereabouts .
moreover there be now major covert attempt under way to try and bring back to Kabul lead Taliban commander , who have be live quietly in Pakistan and have take no part in the Taliban insurgency .
with the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan election , the militant be even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home .
until now Pakistan have not facilitate such a return and clearly it _ happen until there be both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .
with President Karzai certain to win the election and the demotion of key former Northern Alliance figure such as General Fahim and warlord Ismail Khan , there be now little reason for moderate Taliban leader to fear reprisal from former Northern Alliance figure if they return home .
they removal should also provide increase motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban .
Afghan official welcome the appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief .
Kayani be well know and like in Kabul as during the last year he lead the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meeting with the Afghan and US military on issue related to border issue .
Karzai also have to deal with the step up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan .
Islamabad accuse New Delhi of use its consulate in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train balochi insurgent who be active in Pakistani Balochistan .
Pakistani official claim there be as many as 42 RAW agent base in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad .
" they have no business be there unless they be undermine Pakistan , '' say a Pakistani official .
both India and Afghanistan deny the claim .
'' should Pakistan show we any evidence of a Indian hand use Afghan soil to work against we neighbour we will take it very seriously , " say Amrullah Saleh the head of _ National Security Directorate .
Karzai categorically say that he have assure Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan take by Indian diplomat inside Afghanistan would be act upon swiftly .
senior US diplomat and military official have warn India also .
in a major regional shift reflect the newly strengthen position of Karzai , Iran , Russia and India which have traditionally back the Tajik dominate former Northern Alliance make strenuous effort to convince presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the election and not to oppose Karzai .
Iran in particular fear that Qanooni would lose and then be politically isolate from the mainstream .
Qanooni refuse to accept the Iranian advice as he fellow panjsheri Tajik urge he to stand against Karzai .
however since the election Iranian influence have prove critical in convince the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the result of the election and late convince Qanooni to do the same .
with the US military presence pose a threat on they border in both Iraq and Afghanistan , _ moderate leadership be keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan be reduce .
however powerful hardliner in Tehran may be try to undermine that strategy and a new issue be likely to deepen the rift with the moderate .
Iranian official be deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand , a massive Soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometre from _ border .
the enhance US presence in western Afghanistan be only make possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who be a close ally of Iranian hardliner .
Iranian official say they make no objection to _ ouster because they want to strengthen _ campaign against warlord .
at a time of heighten tension between Tehran and Washington over _ nuclear weapon program and call by neo-conservative in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran aggressively , the Iranian fear that Shindand could be use as a listening post , spying facility and even a launching pad for any future US action against Iran .
Afghan official say the American have move over 100 special force and helicopter to Shindand .
however General Barno insist the US presence pose no threat to Iran .
'' we have a very small number of force in Shindand with a few helicopter , '' say Barno .
nevertheless this place Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he have to maintain excellent relation with both the US and Iran .
'' Afghanistan have have the benefit of cooperation from both the US and Iran .
so far what they have do together have be good for we and _ how we would like to keep it '' , say Karzai .
nobody can claim that the interference of _ neighbour be over , but the election will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with _ interference .
in the post election scenario it be become abundantly clear that the Taliban do not have the support of the Afghan people nor the Afghan Pashtun .
in a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribe along the Pakistan border warn the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the election , they would be resist .
many Taliban live in Afghanistan vote for President Karzai .
it be now abundantly clear that with the rapidly change face of Afghanistan , the demise of key Northern Alliance figure and the fluid political situation in Afghanistan , Pakistan should reconsider its policy of give unlimited sanctuary to Taliban extremist live on Pakistani soil .
Pakistan Link 16/10/2004
the debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaire close to the Bush family have cleverly manufacture over John _ war record be absurd in every way .
the charge that they have put some vet up to make against Kerry be false and can be demonstrate by the historical record to be false .
most of that make the charge have even flip - flop , contradict themselves .
or they _ eyewitness and be just lie .
but to address the substance of this big lie be to risk fall into its logic .
the true absurdity of the entire situation be easily appreciate when we consider that George W. Bush never show any bravery at all at any point in he life .
he have never live in a war zone .
if some of John _ wound be superficial , Bush receive no wound .
( and , a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that cause only a minor wound would have kill have it hit a eye and go into the brain ; the shrapnel be in you body demonstrate you be in mortal danger and _ absent yourself from it .
that be the logic of the medal ) .
Kerry save a _ life while under fire .
Bush do no such thing .
what be Bush do with he youth ?
he be drink .
he be drink like a fish , every night , into the wee hour .
for decade .
he give no service to anyone , risk nothing , and do not even slack off efficiently .
the history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use be a key issue because it not only speak to _ character as a addictive personality , but may tell we something about he erratic and alarming action as president .
he explosive temper probably provoke the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , kill 600 Iraqi , most of they woman and child , in revenge for the death of 4 civilian mercenary , one of they a South African .
( Newsweek report that Bush command he cabinet , " let head roll ! " )
that temper be only one problem .
Bush have a sadistic streak .
he clearly enjoy , as governor , watch execution .
he delight in kill people become a campaign issue in 2000 when he seem , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of execute wrong - doer a little too much .
he have clearly go on enjoy kill people on a large scale in Iraq .
drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotion like empathy .
two decade of pickle he nervous system in various highly toxic substance have leave Bush damage goods .
even for that who late abstain , " visual - spatial ability , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , be the slow to recover . "
that he manage to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) be laudable .
but he suffer the severe effect of the aftermath , and we be all suffer along with he now , since he be the most powerful man in the world .
we all know by now that Bush do not even do he full service with the Texas Air National Guard , absent himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton " Red " Blount .
whether he be actually awol during this stint be unclear .
but it be clear that not only do Bush slack off on he National Guard service , but he slack off from he campaign work .
this little - note interview with _ nephew Murph Archibald , which appear on National Public _ " all Thing consider on March 30 , 2004 , give a devastating insight into what it be like to have to suffer through Bush in that period .
" All Thing consider ( 8:00 pm ET ) - NPR March 30 , 2004 Tuesday
this campaign season , there have be question about whether George W. Bush fulfil he obligation to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970 .
for week , reporter scour Alabama in search of pilot or anyone who might have remember see Mr. Bush at the time he be serve in the National Guard there .
there be one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush be present nearly every day : the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton " Red " Blount .
President Bush have always say that work for Blount be the reason he transfer to the Alabama Air National Guard .
_ Wade Goodwyn have this report about Mr. _ time on that campaign .
WADE GOODWYN report :
in 1972 , Baba Groom be a smart , funny young woman smack - dab in the middle of a exciting US Senate campaign .
Groom be Republican Red _ scheduler , and in that job , she be the hub in the campaign wheel .
ask she about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remember he 32 year late like it be yesterday .
Ms. BABA GROOM ( former campaign worker ) :
he would wear khaki trousers and some old jacket .
he be always ready to go out on the road .
on the phone , you could hear he accent .
it be a Texas accent .
but he just meld with everybody .
GOODWYN : the candidate Mr. Bush be work for , Red Blount , have get rich in Alabama in the construction business .
prominent southern Republican be something of a rare breed in that day .
_ support of the party lead he to be appoint Richard _ postmaster general .
in Washington , Blount become friend and tennis partner with Mr. _ father , then Congressman Bush .
that be how 26 - year - old Lieutenant Bush come to Montgomery , at he _ urging . . .
it be Mr. _ job to organize the Republican county chairperson in the 67 Alabama county .
back in 1972 in the deep south , many rural county _ have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus .
but throughout Alabama , there be Republican and Democrat who want to help Red Blount .
it be the young _ job to find out what each county leader need in the way of campaign supplies and get that supplies to they .
Groom say this job help Mr. Bush understand how even in a statewide Senate campaign , politics be local .
. . . Murph Archibald be Red _ nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he be come off a 15 - month tour in Vietnam in the infantry .
Archibald say that in a campaign full of dedicated worker , Mr. Bush be not one of they .
Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD ( nephew of Red Blount ) : well , I be come in early in the morning and leave in mid-evening .
ordinarily , George would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .
GOODWYN : Archibald say that two month before the election , in September of '72 , Red _ campaign manager come to he and ask that he quietly take over Mr. _ job because the campaign material be not get out to the county .
Mr. ARCHIBALD : George certainly _ seem to have any concern about my take over this work with the campaign worker there .
my overall impression be that he _ seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who be work at the state headquarters .
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald say that at first , he _ know that Mr. Bush be serve in the Air National Guard .
after he find out from somebody else , Archibald attempt to talk to Mr. Bush about it .
the president be a lieutenant and Archibald have be a lieutenant , too ; he figure they have something to talk about .
Mr. ARCHIBALD : George _ have any interest at all in talk about the military .
in fact , when I broach the subject with he , he simply change the subject .
he _ unpleasant about it , but he just change the subject and _ talk about it .
GOODWYN : far from Texas and Washington , DC , Mr. Bush enjoy he freedom .
he date a beautiful young woman work on the campaign .
he go out in the evening and have a good time .
in fact , he leave the house he rent in such disrepair -- with damage to the wall and a chandelier destroy -- that the Montgomery family who own it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .
Archibald say Mr. Bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up story about the drinking _ do the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .
Mr. ARCHIBALD : people have different way of start the day in any office .
_ go to talk about they kid , _ go to talk about football , _ go to talk about the weather .
and this be simply he open gambit ; he would start talk about that he have be out late the night before drink .
GOODWYN : Archibald say the frequency with which Mr. Bush discuss the subject be off - putting to he .
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I be 28 ; George would have be 25 or 26 .
and I think it be really unusual that someone in they mid-20 would initiate conversation , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talk about they drinking the night before .
I think it unusual and , frankly , inappropriate .
GOODWYN : accord to Archibald , Mr. Bush would also sometimes tell story about he day at Yale in New Haven , and how whenever he get pull over for erratic driving , he be let go after the officer discover he be the grandson of a Connecticut US senator .
Archibald , a middle - class Alabama boy -- who , by the way , be now a register Democrat -- _ like that story .
Mr. ARCHIBALD : he tell we whenever he be stop , as soon as the law enforcement find out that he be the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let he go .
and he would always laugh about that . "
Goodwyn dutifully note that Baba Groom _ remember George tell drunk story .
but that mean nothing , since they _ the sort of thing guy like Bush tell the " girl " .
he be try to buddy with Archibald and impress he .
again , decade of this sort of behavior do not leave a person untouched .
we world be in crisis and we republic be in danger .
it should not be leave in the hand of a man who spend he life like this .
when the city be on fire with the burn flesh of man
just remember that death be not the end
and you search in vain to find just one law abide citizen
just remember that death be not the end - Bob Dylan
afraid I _ have time today to discuss this , but some story need attention :
from _ Mirror the headline , " have 200000 ak47 fall into the hand of Iraq terrorist ? "
( also see this thread on the RI discussion board ) :
some 200000 gun the US send to Iraqi security force may have be smuggle to terrorist , it be fear yesterday .
the 99 - tonne cache of ak47 be to have be secretly fly out from a US base in Bosnia .
but the four planeload of arm have vanish .
order for the deal to go ahead be give by the US Department of Defense .
but the work be contract out via a complex web of private arm trader .
and the moldovan airline use to transport the shipment be blast by the UN in 2003 for smuggle arm to Liberia , human rights group Amnesty have discover .
it follow a separate probe claim that thousand of gun mean for _ police and army instead go to al - Qaeda .
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore say : " _ unbelievable that no one can account for 200000 assault rifle .
if this weapon have go missing _ a terrifying prospect . "
American defence chief hire a US firm to take the gun , from the 90 bosnian war , to Iraq .
but air traffic controller in Baghdad have no record of the flight , which supposedly take off between July 2004 and July 2005 .
a coalition force spokesman confirm they have not receive " any weapon from Bosnia " and add they be " not aware of any purchase for Iraq from Bosnia " .
Nato and US official have already voice fear that bosnian arm - sell by US , British and Swiss firm - be be pass to insurgent .
a NATO spokesman say : " _ no tracking mechanism to ensure they _ fall into the wrong hand .
there be concern that some may have be siphon off . "
this year a newspaper claim two UK firm be involved in a deal in which thousand of gun for Iraqi force be re-route to al - Qaeda .
the moldovan airline be Aerocom , and yes , _ one of Victor _ .
_ always a bang - you - head - against - the - wall moment , read again the play the incompetence theory receive , even from some of the _ harsh mainstream critic .
but then , even to talk of a " administration " may be misdirection at this point , give how little representative government mean in the United State this day , and how much of " national security " have be privatize into a global gangland of drug and gun .
like the ten of billion of dollar that have be " lose " in Iraq , planeload of arm _ just " vanish " ; not when the Pentagon contract the work to a international criminal of _ untouchable stature .
but _ name _ likely to be mention in whatever coverage this story receive , before it sink like so many other beneath the _ froth triviality .
meanwhile , a _ be reach in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson .
and _ guilty :
the Rev. Gerald Robinson appear stony - faced as the _ guilty verdict be read , and he blink repeatedly and glance at he lawyer before be lead away in handcuffs .
...
the crime occur in the sacristy adjoin the hospital chapel in downtown toledo on the Saturday before Easter in 1980 .
investigator say the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , be strangle and then stab , with nine wound on she chest form the shape of a invert cross , a well - recognize Satanic symbol .
a altar cloth be drape over she half - naked body , which be pose as if she have be sexually assault .
" it be about how he could humiliate she the most , " prosecutor Dean Mandros say in close argument .
" he leave a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himself . "
after the sentencing one of _ tearful supporter " turn to Claudia Vercellotti , a local leader of the Survivor Network for that abuse by Priest [ SNAP ] , who have help reopen the case , and tell she , ' I hope you rot in hell ! ' "
from _ statement on the Robinson conviction :
more than ever , police and prosecutor have the tool and the will to go after horrific crime , even when the defendant be seemingly powerful individual or institution .
when victim and witness stay silent , nothing change .
when victim and witness speak up , at least sometimes a child be protect , the truth be expose , and justice be do .
the murder weapon , _ letter opener :
finally , from a email , a follow - up on the reopening of the investigation into the Atlanta child murder :
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham ... the man who reopen the investigation last year , be mysteriously step down .
and of all the people who the county be get to find a replacement ... be none other than Lee Brown , the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD , who be in office during the murder and the subsequent investigation .
SNAP be right in part .
police and prosecutor have the tool .
the will be another matter .
some do , individually .
but institutionally ?
_ still the domain of that who _ .
lot of important story out there today jeff .... thank god and a few good soul for that conviction .
have you send this to Congress yet ?
talk about law enforcement not have the will ...
crackdown on polygamy group
small polygamous group have exist in the southwestern US under the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authority ever since a sect know as the Fundamentalist Latter Day Saint ( FLDS ) separate itself from mainstream Mormonism in 1890 .
...
now , FLDS leader Warren Jeffs have be add to the _ list of " ten most want fugitive , " a move that cap law _ dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent year ... [ because of ] the impact that the _ practice , law enforcement official say , be have on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly child and woman .
when the FLDS under Mr. Jeffs ( and he father before he ) grow to some 10000 follower in several southwestern community with estimate asset of $ 110 million ; when it become clear that government official , school authority , and police in that community have become intertwined with the sect ; when ex-member increasingly report child and sexual abuse charge ( mainly involve underage girl force to marry old man ) ; and when the sect begin to use secluded compound , state and federal authority start to crack down more vigorously .
...
specifically , Jeffs be charge in Utah and Arizona with sexual assault of underage girl and with arrange " spiritual " marriage for girl and old man .
at weekend press conference in Salt Lake City and Phoenix , FBI and state official say Jeffs " be consider armed and dangerous and may be travel with armed bodyguard . "
in the past , he have talk in apocalyptic term about a violent end to the world , accord to former member .
...
as with Christian Identity and other hate - related philosophy tie to the Aryan Nation and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movement , Jeffs have preach racism as well .
" the black race be the people through which the devil have always be able to bring evil unto the earth , " Jeffs have say as cite by the Southern Poverty Law _ " intelligence report . "
a editorial in the church - own Deseret Morning News in Salt Lake City early this year acknowledge that " the _ history , a conservative belief in free choice , and a unwillingness to stir up a _ nest in the national media have likely all contribute to the kid - glove approach lawmaker and law - enforcement officer have take when deal with polygamous community . "
http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5
maybe _ miss something here , but how , exactly , do one ' lose ' 200000 ak47' ?
" _ no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?
never mind .
no need to worry .
_ sure this kind of thing go on all the time .
we now return you to you regularly schedule programming ....
just go here , _ simply amazing
the Raw Story
I count like 14 explosive headline .
then , of course , there be the evidence the jury do not hear about in the Robinson case ...
funny how some thing be squirrel away by well - mean prosecutor ...
maybe because they hint at a large conspiracy / network of abuser / Satanic underground ?
I read of a case not long ago when some people be try to get a polygamous judge take off the bench for not obey state law .
of course law enforcement have drag it feet when member be take part in the activity themselves .
personally I _ give a damn what adult do to one another as long as there be no abuse involve .
it be the marrying off of young girl to old man often close relative that infuriate I .
also this cult have multimillion yet the woman and kid live in poverty so the leader can live the high life .
in the Warren Jeffs cult he reassign wife if the husband displease he or to reward the new husband .
husband marry mother and teen daughter at the same time .
a rare form of retardation be show up in that group more than anywhere else in the world .
it be genetic and the child need to get the gene from both parent to turn into a vegetable instead of a think child .
the doctor beg they to stop intermarry but they say they have to keep the blood pure .
look up fumarase deficiency for more info .
also look up the kingston family .
one member actually be convict of beat he teen daughter unconscious when she run away from ' marriage ' to she _ own brother .
no one be charge for force marriage , only the beating .
so we " lose " some weapon ?
_ a good thing too .
we _ want that terrorist to run out of shit to shoot at we .
then the war might stop & all that juicy profit would just evaporate .
_ a few dead soldier in comparison to keep all that defense contractor awash in all that tax cash ?
they really be milk the incompetence angle though , _ they ?
just another big Iraq whoopsie daisy , huh ?
Christ , _ think America would get a bit tired of this guy treat she like she be populate with nothing but gullible idiot .
I suppose that _ damn lucky for the GOP that she be populate with gullible idiot .
US outsource special op , intelligence to Iraq terror group , intelligence official say
the Pentagon be bypass official US intelligence channel and turn to a dangerous and unruly cast of character in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence official say ...
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/us_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
a country deserve the leader it have , my friend ...
and MEK -- the Iranian ( not Iraqi ) terror group in question -- be itself unquestionably a cult :
as the leader like to boast , the Mujahedeen be a family affair .
( '' we have three generation of martyr : grandmother , mother , daughter . '' )
most of the girl I be meet have grow up in Mujahedeen school in Ashraf , where they live separate from they parent .
family visit be allow on Thursday night and Friday .
when Iraq invade Kuwait , many of this girl be transport to Jordan and then smuggle to various country -- Germany , France , Canada , Denmark , England , the United State -- where they be raise by guardian who be usually Mujahedeen supporter .
when they be 18 or 19 , many of they decide to come back to Iraq and fill the rank of the young Mujahedeen generation .
though '' decided '' be probably not the right word , since from the day they be bear , this girl and boy be not teach to think for themselves but to blindly follow they leader .
'' every morning and night , the kid , begin as young as 1 and 2 , have to stand before a poster of Massoud and Maryam , salute they and shout praise to they , '' Nadereh Afshari , a former Mujahedeen deep - believer , tell I .
Afshari , who be post in Germany and be responsible for receive Mujahedeen child during the gulf war , say that when the German government try to absorb Mujahedeen child into they education system , the Mujahedeen refuse .
many of the child be send to Mujahedeen school , particularly in France .
the Rajavi , Afshari go on to say , '' see this kid as the next _ soldier .
they want to brainwash they and control they . ''
which may explain the pattern to they story : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspire by the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud .
link
one have to wonder whether the bright fellow in we government and military who set up the deal with this people _ know what they be , _ care , or know perfectly well .
Jeff ,
SPLOID.com cite you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php
umm ...
question mark
Jimmy Plant , Blogshares be a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .
_ all I know ; _ have nothing to do with it .
Bush successfully make Satan look good in comparison .
or something like that .
http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/
" another generation of heavy metal have take over , and -- sorry -- it _ just about stripper and dope .
okay , _ partly about stripper and dope .
and _ get around to that .
but more and more , as metal evolve into a huge international music that belong to everyone , it have get to be something weird .
_ become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .
praise be : give the void in responsible behavior among government , police , educational establishment and religion , the task of guide we youth down the path of righteousness have fall to ... Satan "
hmm ....................
the people who carry out this underground arm / drug / sex trafficking deal be trauma base mind control slave .
the moldovan airline be Aerocom , and yes , _ one of Victor _ .
the wikipedia entry for Aerocom be just a stub .. wait for someone to put some information into it ....
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerocom
so ... put some information in there .
you know , nature hate a void . :)
Richard ,
I agree , hmm .
how be chant of death and suicide ... morality .
what about _ tee bear the message , " kill you parent " .
and be the Columbine killer act out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murder they classmate .
they be death metal brainwash fan , literally fulfil the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .
( not church morality , no that be phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that be real morality ????? )
so , hmm indeed .
I detect the hiss lisp of the lie serpent in this article .
the deathly inversion of truth , ala Satanism .
I think the _ still out on exactly who do the brainwashing when in regard to the Columbine killer .
perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as a invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' church - morality ' crowd , which give a lot of lip service to love thy neighbor , but _ apply that love very far beyond they own congregation .
the last I check , the Satanist have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction deal out by self - proclaim ( though false ) Christian .
irony be dead ... long live irony !
_ it .
_ fire my editor .
well , _ not as simple and clear cut as all that .
_ enter into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .
the Kevin Coogan publication post on the previous thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion .
the follow quote be from that Coogan article :
imaginary evil be romantic and varied ; real evil be gloomy , monotonous , barren , boring .
imaginary good be boring ; real good be always new , marvelous , intoxicating .
- Simone Weil
Starroute :
I _ wonder too hard .
the answer be likely d : all of the above , due to this be a complex reality we live in .
but to I , without question , they often know perfectly well .
here be a thought : when the appartently cognitively functional take action that seem senseless and incompetent , it be a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motive .
they trust you and I to be befuddle by they action , while they " do as they will " .
http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqdmi4
to not buy the bs
& here I be think that I really must be get old .
since the article be specifically about " death metal " I guess the author miss this little tidbit or we just have way different definition of morality :
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm
one _ relentless search for he missing son lead he to uncover one of the most shocking crime in post-war Italy - a tale of Satanism and violence that have grip the country for more than a year .
in January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino , both just 16 , disappear .
they have be drink at a pub call the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never come home .
the police and many of they friend just think they have run off together .
but they parent refuse to accept this .
Michele Tollis , _ father , begin to attend metal concert and festival across Europe , hand out leaflet and quiz _ friend .
Fabio and he friend be into the most extreme form of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal , music obsessed with image of murder and Satanism - and the role of this music be central to the story .
no one can contradict I when I say that heavy metal and Satanism be closely link
Michele Tollis
it emerge that Chiara , the girl who disappear with Fabio , have a collection of Satanic literature and paraphernalia in she bedroom .
during this search , Michele Tollis become convinced that Satanism have something to do with he _ disappearance .
" no one can contradict I when I say that heavy metal and Satanism be closely link .
_ inseparable , " he say .
yeah , I think Jeff write on one of he post here in the past several month : " to hell with death " .
I wholly agree , and would expand that statement to include : " to hell with death metal " .
the freaky thing here be that this bozo be seriously claim the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?
talk about a beat - you - head - against - the - wall moment !
and for ' Smartwolf ' above , think about the inversion principle be employ .
they be do it deliberately .
do you really think GWB , and neocon in general be representative of true follower of Jesus of Nazareth ?
( I know , ignorant question ) then why call they , or any other phony ' Christian ' , even if they themselves claim the appellation .
they be merely imposter .
everything they claim be a lie , and this above all .
so why even credit they claim ?
this only serve they purpose .
they want to be identify as ' Christian ' , and I fully suspect that for some of they , the motivation behind they subterfuge be more than mere political advantage , and have a lot more to do with the black _ practice of the inversion principle .
we need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive this people .
see they as they be , not for what they claim to be .
... the most extreme form of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal , music obsessed with image of murder and Satanism - and the role of this music be central to the story .
almost all of the avant guard art movement of the early 20th century ( except for Italian futurism ) be label ' degenerate ' by the National Socialist .
Adolf Hitler even hold a exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curate a parallel show of ' Aryan ' art across the street .
the German expressionist movement be destroy as a result .
_ a quick overview of the Entartete Kunst ( Degenerate Art ) exhibit of 1937 :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degenerate_art
ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the notion of the ' degenerate ' and ' degenerate art ' be appropriate by the Nazi and its origin can be trace back to Jewish ' intellectual ' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he author call Degeneration . .
Nordau be also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization .
when the apparently cognitively functional take action that seem senseless and incompetent , it be a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motive .
they trust you and I to be befuddle by they action , while they " do as they will . "
a question :
be the adherent of ' crowleyan Thelema ' and other of similar ilk appropriate or appropriate from the appropriator to redirect ' energy ? '
do this reappropriation lead to or originate from the same place ?
seem as if there be a clear distinction be make between the ' imaginary ' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon , which be this global system .
be the distinction accurate and valid ?
do the distinction actually exist ?
this be where the socio - political aspect of this conundrum come into play .
confused ?
good .
so , enemy , _ you point ?
why _ you state it ?
my point be that this be all just question and I be undecided as to the answer .
_ another interesting example :
John Balance from Coil .
( _ wish to use Wikipedia again , _ just easy than spend time look up more obscure and detailed information . )
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_balance
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html
Balance die in 2004 after a ' fall . '
he blend belief system such as Shamanism , Christianity , Buddhism , Paganism , Hermeticism and Gnosticism and imbue _ vast output with a magickal current design to have a functionally transcendent effect on listener .
not 200000 gun - the number _ work :
5 kg per gun , 200000 gun mean 1000 tonne , impossible for 4 container .
if the load be 99 tonne there be probably less than 20000 .
E@tG :
maybe if you formulate you question a little more specifically it will help you in acquire the answer .
" I be , therefore I think " :)
report from the town where Susan _ trial be go on .
I go across the bay last night to attend a _ market and music event .
lo and behold , the Mormon be there with a booth .
two young man deliver information about the mormon genealogy program .
just give you email and / or phone number to this guy and _ track down you family .
I be amaze at the spiel they deliver .
kindly young man , but utterly program and brain - dead .
I resist ask any question that would have require either of they to think .
it would have be too painful to watch .
have anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush ?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503
I _ know if this have be verify .
but succintly make point after succint point , the text of the letter stand on its own merit , regardless .
I like to imagine the thought process go on in _ head if he be to actually read the letter , but it be hard to picture he actually read this letter .
as I read the letter , I consider the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever write it , versus that of the mind of the man who once say " bring it on ! "
America , you condition be dire , dark and deep .
of the metal music farce , Ministry have definately make in - road into ' Loose Change " - " Alex Jones " territory with they new record , Rio Grande Blood .
important Kos Diary about _ response to the gather storm of scandal :
http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857
= executive order -
very creepy , very scary
they have be accumulate for year , and basically give the president to seize the government whenever he feel like it .
but who would do a thing like that .... hey wait a minute
== why do Bush revoke Executive Order 13011 today ?
by exmearden
Friday May 12 , 2006 at 08:27:46 pm PDT
in scan the whitehouse.gov site today , I notice the follow executive order :
executive order : amendment to executive order 11030 , 13279 , 13339 , 13381 , and 13389 , and *** revocation *** of executive order 13011 ....
I _ believe there be no serious metal fan who frequent RI .
_ wary of jump into this fray without backup , _ for damn sure . :)
_ a regular poster but for some reason blogger _ let I in today ... but sign I TroubleFunk .
Tronicus :
simply , the question permeate the entire ' western ( mystery ) tradition ' and perhaps ' eastern ' as well , as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality .
for example , be the system of crowleyan Thelema a fail alchemical process ?
or be it suppose to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation ?
similarly , be invoke ancient Egyptian god and goddess a reaffirmation of a oppressive and hierarchical system ?
in my opinion , people can no long afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual and political system .
the ' high weirdness ' and more hardcore political ' faction ' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis .
in regards to death metal , the problem be , once again , a question of education , history and the vacuous lack of perspective in American culture .
shall we censor the work of poet charle Baudelaire as well ?
Baudelaire be perhaps one of the first ' death metal ' artist .
Tronicus , if _ still check this thread :
a bit of a knee - jerk reaction from I there , and I apologize for my over-generalization .
my real problem be with literalist fundamentalist , of any religion .
true believer be dangerous animal .
I just get hung up on ' Christian ' , as _ the dominant form where I come from .
also , _ quite clear on the fact that that in power now ( and , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure ) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide they true motivation and as a tool to control the mass .
it boggle the mind that anyone can take at face value _ claim to be a Christian , yet many seem to do just that .
I seem to remember something about ' by they work shall ye know they . "
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' rock - and - roll make they do it ' argument .
while I _ subscribe to the notion that the thing we watch or listen to have no effect on we behavior ( which I think be patently ridiculous ) , it do bother I when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .
sub-culture ( as the lable imply ) do not develope in a vacuum .
again , I think the problem be people who sink too far into they own ego , and begin to take they personal metaphor a bit too literaly .
this people be dangerous whether _ head - bang to ' Canibal Corpse ' or hum along to ' onward Christian Soldier ' .
( the mixing of religion and militarism be a whole other topic .... )
I have nothing but respect for people who adhere to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but _ important to remember that Christian ( or ' Smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .
peace .
the fact that the US government and media be have a hissy fit over Venezuela want to buy gun , and then 200000 of the gun Chavez want to buy go missing on they way to Iraq be definitely suspect .
I guess that gun will be locate enroute to Venezuela or find in storage there by one of the _ local stooge and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .
thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for pass this along via e-mail .
it be the text of a speech give by a Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation .
_ a long but very worthwhile read .
" a View from the Eye of the Storm "
talk deliver by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation , April , 2004 :
" as you know , I usually provide the scientific and technological " entertainment " in we meeting , but , on this occasion , we Chairman suggest that I present my own personal view on event in the part of the world from which I come .
I have never be and I will never be a government official and I have no privileged information .
my perspective be entirely base on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family have live in this region for almost 200 year .
you may regard my view as that of the proverbial taxi driver , which you be suppose to question , when you visit a country .
I could have share with you some fascinating fact and some personal thought about the Israeli - Arab conflict .
however , I will touch upon it only in passing .
I prefer to devote most of my remark to the broad picture of the region and its place in world event .
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco , which be predominantly Arab , predominantly Moslem , but include many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minority .
why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?
because Israel and any problem related to it , in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media , be not the central issue , and have never be the central issue in the upheaval in the region .
yes , there be a 100 year - old Israeli - Arab conflict , but it be not where the main show be .
the million who die in the Iran - Iraq war have nothing to do with Israel .
the mass murder happen right now in Sudan , where the Arab Moslem regime be massacre its black Christian citizen , have nothing to do with Israel .
the frequent report from Algeria about the murder of hundred of civilian in one village or another by other Algerian have nothing to do with Israel .
Saddam Hussein do not invade Kuwait , endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher he own people because of Israel .
Egypt do not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60' because of Israel .
Assad the Father do not kill ten of thousand of he own citizen in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel .
the Taliban control of Afghanistan and the civil war there have nothing to do with Israel .
the Libyan blowing up of the Pan - Am flight have nothing to do with Israel , and I could go on and on and on .
the root of the trouble be that this entire Moslem region be totally dysfunctional , by any standard of the word , and would have be so even if Israel have join the Arab league and a independent Palestine have exist for 100 year .
the 22 member country of the Arab league , from Mauritania to the Gulf State , have a total population of 300 million , large than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion .
they have a land area large than either the US or all of Europe .
this 22 country , with all they oil and natural resource , have a combine GDP small than that of Netherlands plus Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California alone .
within this meager GDP , the gap between rich and poor be beyond belief and too many of the rich make they money not by succeed in business , but by be corrupt ruler .
the social status of woman be far below what it be in the Western World 150 year ago .
human rights be below any reasonable standard , in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya be elect chair of the UN Human Right commission .
accord to a report prepare by a committee of Arab intellectual and publish under the auspices of the U.N. , the number of book translate by the entire Arab world be much small than what little Greece alone translate .
the total number of scientific publication of 300 million Arab be less than that of 6 million Israeli .
birth rate in the region be very high , increase the poverty , the social gap and the cultural decline .
and all of this be happen in a region , which only 30 year ago , be believe to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a Moslem area , which develop , at some point in history , one of the most advanced culture in the world .
it be fair to say that this create a unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictator , terror network , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murder and general decline .
it be also a fact that almost everybody in the region blame this situation on the United State , on Israel , on western civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .
a word about the million of decent , honest , good people who be either devout Moslem or be not very religious but grow up in Moslem family : they be double victim of a outside world , which now develop islamophobia , and of they own environment which break they heart by be totally dysfunctional .
the problem be that the vast silent majority of this Moslem be not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .
they become accomplice , by omission , and this apply to political leader , intellectual , business people and many other .
many of they can certainly tell right from wrong , but be afraid to express they view .
the event of the last few year have amplify four issue , which have always exist , but have never be as rampant as in the present upheaval in the region .
a few more year may pass before everybody acknowledge that it be a World War , but we be already well into it .
this be the four main pillar of the current world conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared World War III " :
* 1 . the first element be the suicide murder . *
suicide murder be not a new invention but they have be make popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .
even after September 11 , it seem that most of the Western World do not yet understand this weapon .
it be a very potent psychological weapon .
its real direct impact be relatively minor .
the total number of casualty from hundred of suicide murder within Israel in the last three year be much small than that due to car accident .
September 11 be quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquake
more people die from aids in one day in Africa than all the Russian who die in the hand of Chechnya - base Moslem suicide murderer since that conflict start .
Saddam kill every month more people than all that who die from suicide murder since the Coalition occupation of Iraq .
so what be all the fuss about suicide killing ?
it create headline .
it be spectacular .
it be frightening .
it be a very cruel death with body dismember and horrible severe lifelong injury to many of the wounded .
it be always show on television in great detail .
one such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it do in Bali and in Turkey .
but the real fear come from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measure can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .
this have not yet penetrate the thinking of the Western World .
the U.S. and Europe be constantly improve they defense against the last murder , not the next one .
we may arrange for the good airport security in the world .
but if you want to murder by suicide , you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people .
who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line wait to be check by the airport metal detector ?
how about the line to the check - in counter in a busy travel period ?
put a metal detector in front of every train station in Spain and the terrorist will get the bus .
protect the bus and they will explode in movie theater , concert hall , supermarket , shopping mall , school and hospital .
put guard in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be check by the guard and this line will be the target , not to speak of kill the guard themselves .
you can somewhat reduce you vulnerability by preventive and defensive measure and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .
and it be a war !
what be behind the suicide murder ?
money be , money and power and cold - blooded murderous incitement , nothing else .
it have nothing to do with true fanatic religious belief .
no Moslem preacher have ever blow himself up .
no son of a Arab politician or religious leader have ever blow himself up .
no relative of anyone influential have do it .
_ you expect some of the religious leader to do it themselves , or to talk they son into do it , if this be truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?
_ they interested in the benefit of go to Heaven ?
instead , they send outcast woman , naive child , retarded people and young incite hothead .
they promise they the delight , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay they family handsomely after the supreme act be perform and enough innocent people be dead .
suicide murder also have nothing to do with poverty and despair .
the poor region in the world , by far , be Africa .
it never happen there .
there be numerous desperate people in the world , in different culture , country and continent .
desperation do not provide anyone with explosive , reconnaissance and transportation .
there be certainly more despair in _ Iraq than in Paul _ Iraq , and no one explode himself .
a suicide murder be simply a horrible , vicious weapon of cruel , inhuman , cynical , well - fund terrorist , with no regard to human life , include the life of they fellow countryman , but with very high regard to they own affluent well - being and they hunger for power .
the only way to fight this new " popular " weapon be identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirate on the high seas : the offensive way .
like in the case of organized crime , it be crucial that the force on the offensive be united and it be crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .
you _ eliminate organized crime by arrest the little drug dealer on the street corner .
you must go after the head of the " family " .
if part of the public support it , other tolerate it , many be afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .
the United State understand this now , after September 11 .
Russia be begin to understand it .
Turkey understand it well .
I be very much afraid that most of Europe still do not understand it .
unfortunately , it seem that Europe will understand it only after suicide murder arrive in Europe in a big way .
in my humble opinion , this will definitely happen .
the Spanish train and the Istanbul bombing be only the beginning .
the unity of the civilized world in fight this horror be absolutely indispensable .
until Europe wake up , this unity will not be achieve .
* 2 . the second ingredient be word , more precisely lie . *
word can be lethal .
they kill people .
it be often say that politician , diplomat and perhaps also lawyer and business people must sometimes lie , as part of they professional life .
but the norm of politics and diplomacy be childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrication , which have reach new height in the region we be talk about .
a incredible number of people in the Arab world believe that September 11 never happen , or be a American provocation or , even well , a Jewish plot .
you all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information , Mr. Mouhamad Said al - Sahaf and he press conference when the US force be already inside Baghdad .
disinformation at time of war be a accept tactic .
but to stand , day after day , and to make such preposterous statement , known to everybody to be lie , without even be ridicule in you own milieu , can only happen in this region .
Mr. Sahaf eventually become a popular icon as a court jester , but this do not stop some allegedly respectable newspaper from give he equal time .
it also do not prevent the western press from give credence , every day , even now , to similar liar .
after all , if you want to be a anti-Semite , there be subtle way of do it .
you do not have to claim that the holocaust never happen , and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never exist .
but million of Moslem be tell by they leader that this be the case .
when this same leader make other statement , the western media report they as if they could be true .
it be a daily occurrence that the same people who finance , arm and dispatch suicide murderer , condemn the act in English in front of western tv camera , talk to a world audience , which even partly believe they .
it be a daily routine to hear the same leader make opposite statement in Arabic to he people and in English to the rest of the world .
incitement by Arab tv , accompany by horror picture of mutilate body , have become a powerful weapon of that who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .
little child be raise on deep hatred and on admiration of so - call martyr , and the western world do not notice it because its own tv set be mostly tune to soap opera and game show .
I recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand Arabic , to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .
you will not believe you own eye .
but word also work in other way , more subtle .
a demonstration in Berlin , carry banner support _ regime and feature three - year old baby dress as suicide murderer , be define by the press and by political leader as a " peace demonstration " .
you may support or oppose the Iraq war , but to refer to fan of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activist be a bit too much .
a woman walk into a Israeli restaurant in mid-day , eat , observe family with old people and child eat they lunch in the adjacent table and pay the bill .
she then blow herself up , kill 20 people , include many child , with head and arm roll around in the restaurant .
she be call " martyr " by several Arab leader and " activist " by the European press .
dignitary condemn the act but visit she bereaved family and the money flow .
there be a new game in town : the actual murderer be call " the military wing " , the one who pay he , equip he and send he be now call " the political wing " and the head of the operation be call the " spiritual leader " .
there be numerous other example of such orwellian nomenclature , use every day not only by terror chief but also by western media .
this word be much more dangerous than many people realize .
they provide a emotional infrastructure for atrocity .
it be Joseph Goebbels who say that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .
he be now be outperform by he successor .
* 3 . the third aspect be money . *
huge amount of money , which could have solve many social problem in this dysfunctional part of the world , be channel into three concentric sphere support death and murder .
in the inner circle be the terrorist themselves .
the money fund they travel , explosive , hideout and permanent search for soft vulnerable target .
the inner circle be primarily finance by terrorist state like Iran and Syria , until recently also by Iraq and Libya and early also by some of the communist regime .
this state , as well as the Palestinian Authority , be the safe haven of the wholesale murder vendor .
they be surround by a second wide circle of direct supporter , planner , commander , preacher , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serve as terror infrastructure .
finally , we find the third circle of so - call religious , educational and welfare organization , which actually do some good , feed the hungry and provide some schooling , but brainwash a new generation with hatred , lie and ignorance .
this circle operate mostly through mosque , madrasa and other religious establishment but also through incite electronic and print media .
it be this circle that make sure that woman remain inferior , that democracy be unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world be minimal .
it be also that circle that lead the way in blame everybody outside the Moslem world , for the misery of the region .
the outer circle be largely finance by Saudi Arabia , but also by donation from certain Moslem community in the United State and Europe and , to a small extent , by donation of European government to various ngo' and by certain United Nation organization , whose goal may be noble , but they be infest and exploit by agent of the outer circle .
the Saudi regime , of course , will be the next victim of major terror , when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle .
the Saudi be begin to understand it , but they fight the inner circle , while still finance the infrastructure at the outer circle .
figuratively speak , this outer circle be the guardian , which make sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .
some part of this same outer circle actually operate as a result of fear from , or blackmail by , the inner circle .
the horrifying add factor be the high birth rate .
half of the population of the Arab world be under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guarantee two more generation of blind hatred .
some of the leader of this various circle live very comfortably on they loot .
you meet they child in the good private school in Europe , not in the training camp of suicide murderer .
the jihad " soldier " join package death tour to Iraq and other hotspot , while some of they leader ski in Switzerland .
Mrs. Arafat , who live in Paris with she daughter , receive ten of thousand of dollar per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority , while a typical local ringleader of the Al - Aksa brigade , report to Arafat , receive only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollar , for perform murder at the retail level .
* 4 . the fourth element of the current world conflict be the total breaking of all law . *
the civilized world believe in democracy , the rule of law , include international law , human rights , free speech and free press , among other liberty .
there be naive old - fashioned habit such as respect religious site and symbol , not use ambulance and hospital for act of war , avoid the mutilation of dead body and not use child as human shield or human bomb .
never in history , not even in the Nazi period , be there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now .
every student of political science debate how you prevent a anti-democratic force from win a democratic election and abolish democracy .
other aspect of a civilized society must also have limitation .
can a policeman open fire on someone try to kill he ?
can a government listen to phone conversation of terrorist and drug dealer ?
do free speech protect you when you shout " fire " in a crowded theater ?
should there be death penalty , for deliberate multiple murder ?
this be the old - fashioned dilemma .
but now we have a entire new set .
do you raid a mosque , which serve as a terrorist ammunition storage ?
do you return fire , if you be attack from a hospital ?
do you storm a church take over by terrorist who take the priest hostage ?
do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderer use ambulance to reach they target ?
do you strip every woman because one pretend to be pregnant and carry a suicide bomb on she belly ?
do you shoot back at someone try to kill you , stand deliberately behind a group of child ?
do you raid terrorist headquarters , hide in a mental hospital ?
do you shoot a arch-murderer who deliberately move from one location to another , always surround by child ?
all of this happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian area .
what do you do ?
well , you do not want to face the dilemma .
but it _ be avoid .
suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in Teheran , host by the Iranian government and finance by it , execute one atrocity after another in Spain or in France , kill hundred of innocent people , accept responsibility for the crime , promise in public tv interview to do more of the same , while the government of Iran issue public condemnation of he act but continue to host he , invite he to official function and treat he as a great dignitary .
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have do , in such a situation .
the problem be that the civilized world be still have illusion about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment .
it be try to play ice hockey by send a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .
in the same way that no country have a law against cannibal eat its prime minister , because such a act be unthinkable , international law do not address killer shoot from hospital , mosque and ambulance , while be protect by they government or society .
international law do not know how to handle someone who send child to throw stone , stand behind they and shoot with immunity and _ be arrest because he be shelter by a government .
international law do not know how to deal with a leader of murderer who be royally and comfortably host by a country , which pretend to condemn he act or just claim to be too weak to arrest he .
the amazing thing be that all of this crook demand protection under international law , and define all that who attack they as " war criminal , " with some western media repeat the allegation .
the good news be that all of this be temporary , because the evolution of international law have always adapt itself to reality .
the punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .
after every world war , the rule of international law have change , and the same will happen after the present one .
but during the twilight zone , a lot of harm can be do .
the picture I describe here be not pretty .
what can we do about it ?
in the short run , only fight and win .
in the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .
the inner circle can and must be destroy by force .
the outer circle _ be eliminate by force .
here we need financial starvation of the organize elite , more power to woman , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to western media , internet and the international scene .
above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circle of evil .
allow I , for a moment , to depart from my alleged role as a taxi driver and return to science .
when you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .
you may also starve it by prevent new blood from reach it from other part of the body , thereby prevent new " supplies " from expand the tumor .
if you want to be sure , it be good to do both .
but before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you be in a war , and this may take Europe a few more year .
in order to win , it be necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regime , so that no government in the world will serve as a safe haven for this people .
I do not want to comment here on whether the American - lead attack on Iraq be justified from the point of view of weapon of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument , but I can look at the post-war map of western Asia .
now that Afghanistan , Iraq and Libya be out , two and a half terrorist state remain : Iran , Syria and Lebanon , the latter be a Syrian colony .
perhaps Sudan should be add to the list .
as a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq , both Iran and Syria be now totally surround by territory unfriendly to they .
Iran be encircle by Afghanistan , by the Gulf State , Iraq and the Moslem republic of the former Soviet Union .
Syria be surround by Turkey , Iraq , Jordan and Israel .
this be a significant strategic change and it apply strong pressure on the terrorist country .
it be not surprising that Iran be so active in try to incite a Shiite uprising in Iraq .
I do not know if the American plan be actually to encircle both Iran and Syria , but that be the result situation .
in my humble opinion , the number one danger to the world today be Iran and its regime .
it definitely have ambition to rule vast area and to expand in all direction .
it have a ideology which claim supremacy over western culture .
it be ruthless .
it have prove that it can execute elaborate terrorist act without leave too many trace , use Iranian embassy .
it be clearly try to develop nuclear weapon .
its so - call moderate and conservative play they own virtuoso version of the " good - cop versus bad - cop " game .
Iran sponsor Syrian terrorism , it be certainly behind much of the action in Iraq , it be fully fund the Hezbollah and , through it , the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad ; it perform act of terror at least in Europe and in South America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly lead a multi-national terror consortium , which include , as minor player , Syria , Lebanon and certain Shiite element in Iraq .
nevertheless , most European country still trade with Iran , try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signal .
in order to win the war it be also necessary to dry the financial resource of the terror conglomerate .
it be pointless to try to understand the subtle difference between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian - inspire enterprise .
when it serve they business need , all of they collaborate beautifully .
it be crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which be the fertile breeding ground of terror .
it be important to monitor all donation from the western world to Islamic organization , to monitor the finances of international relief organization and to react with forceful economic measure to any small sign of financial aid to any of the three circle of terrorism .
it be also important to act decisively against the campaign of lie and fabrication and to monitor that western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interest or ignorance .
above all , never surrender to terror .
no one will ever know whether the recent election in Spain would have yield a different result , if not for the train bombing a few day early .
but it really do not matter .
what matter be that the terrorist believe that they cause the result and that they win by drive Spain out of Iraq .
the Spanish story will surely end up be extremely costly to other European country , include France , who be now expel incite preacher and forbid veil and include other who send troops to Iraq .
in the long run , Spain itself will pay even more .
be the solution a democratic Arab world ?
if by democracy we mean free election but also free press , free speech , a function judicial system , civil liberty , equality to woman , free international travel , exposure to international media and idea , law against racial incitement and against defamation , and avoidance of lawless behavior regard hospital , place of worship and child , then yes , democracy be the solution .
if democracy be just free election , it be likely that the most fanatic regime will be elect , the one whose incitement and fabrication be the most inflammatory .
we have see it already in Algeria and , to a certain extent , in Turkey .
it will happen again , if the ground be not prepare very carefully .
on the other hand , a certain transition democracy , as in Jordan , may be a good temporary solution , pave the way for the real thing , perhaps in the same way that a immediate sudden democracy do not work in Russia and would not have work in China .
I have no doubt that the civilized world will prevail .
but the long it take we to understand the new landscape of this war , the more costly and painful the victory will be .
Europe , more than any other region , be the key .
its understandable recoil from war , follow the horror of World War II , may cost thousand of additional innocent life , before the tide will turn . "
Zawahiri be associate with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad know as the Vanguard of Conquest .
Zawahiri and the Vanguard of Conquest be seek to recreate _ taking of mecca by a small band through violent attack on Egyptian leader .
by 1998 , Zawahiri have determine that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United State and hold off on further attack against the Egyptian regime .
a key question be how they acquire the anthrax strain first isolate by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .
accord to senior counter terrorism official , both here and abroad , among the supporter of this militant Islamist be people who blend into society and be available to act when another part of the network request it .
Al Qaeda , Anthrax and Ayman : means , motive , modus operandi and opportunity
homeland security
in early June 2003 , a Central Intelligence Agency ( " CIA " ) report publicly disclose that the reason for Mohammed _ and Zacarias _ inquiry into cropduster be for the contemplate use in disperse biological agent such as anthrax .
a early September 2003 Newsweek article include a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin Laden be plan a " unbelievable " biological attack , the plan for which have suffer a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ( " KSM " ) .
he have be capture the previous month in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .
in November 2003 , a report by a UN panel of expert conclude that Al Qaeda be determined to use chemical and biological weapon and be restrain only by technical difficulty .
in a statement issue June 16 , 2004 , the 9/11 Commission staff conclude that " Al Qaeda have a ambitious biological weapon program and be make advance in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11 .
accord to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet , al _ ability to conduct a anthrax attack be one of the most immediate threat the United State be likely to face . "
on August 9 , 2004 , it be announce that in the spring of 2001 , a man name El - Shukrijumah , also know as Jafar the Pilot , who be part of a " second wave , " have be case New York City helicopter .
photograph from a seize computer disc include the control and the lock on the door between the passenger and pilot .
in a bulletin , the FBI note that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon .
the CIA reportedly have be quietly build a case that the anthrax mailing be a international plot .
this be old news .
_ just no long bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the _ ( former ) theory about a lone , American scientist .
many people have argue that a US - base Al Qaeda operative be behind the early fall 2001 anthrax mailing in the US , and that the mailing serve as a threat and warning .
Princeton Islamist scholar Bernard Lewis have explain that while Islamist may disagree about whether kill innocent be sanction by the law of jihad , extremist like Zawahiri agree that notice must be give before biochemical weapon be use .
" the _ guidance , " say Michael Scheuer , a al - Qaeda analyst who recently retire from the CIA and once head its Bin Laden unit , " be always , before you attack someone , warn they very clearly ... " the anthrax mailing follow the pattern of letter they send in January 1997 to newspaper branch in Washington , D.C. and New York City , as well as symbolic target .
the letter bomb be send in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and that responsible for the early World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .
handwritten note and file on a laptop seize upon the capture of KSM , Al _ # 3 , include a feasible anthrax production plan use a spray dryer and address the recruitment of necessary expertise .
what you morning paper do not tell you , however , be that the CIA seize a similar disc from Ayman _ right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 year early .
the computer disk be confiscate from he during he arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and hand over to the Egyptian authority .
Mabruk , at the time , be the head of _ military operation .
there be a risk that observer underestimate the time that Al Qaeda have have to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .
some may still think that even in the final stage of the 9/11 plot , Zacarias Moussaoui be go to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House .
other argue that he be to be part of a second wave of airliner direct to target on the west coast .
there be a e-mail by Moussaoui , however , date July 31 , 2001 indicate that he seek to take a crop dusting course that be to last up to 6 month .
in March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly say that Moussaoui be not go to be part of 9/11 but be to be part of a " second wave . "
although Ramzi Binalshibh provide he $ 14000 in July , accuse September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui tell he trial judge that he have a al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attack .
KSM explain that _ inquiry about crop duster may have be related to the anthrax work be do by US - train biochemist and Al Qaeda operative , Malaysian Yazid Sufaat .
Zacarias Moussaoui , never the sharp tool in the shed and think by he superior to be unreliable , have tell the judge at he trial in a filing that he want " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "
Al _ regional operative , Hambali , who be at a key January 2000 meeting and supervise Sufaat , have be capture .
Hambali reportedly be cooperate to some degree .
KSM and Hambali send al - Hindi ( al - Britani ) , along with Jafar the Pilot , to case NYC target for a second wave .
it be as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot study tourist helicopter in the NYC area .
Sufaat , accord to both KSM and Hambali , do not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be use .
that would require someone who have access to the strain .
but if experience be any guide , nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman _ decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US target that be describe by one confidante to a Egyptian newspaper reporter .
the Islamist have be release from Egyptian prison and have know Zawahiri well for many year .
email from Zawahiri to Atef in the spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman be a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program .
he believe that the Koran instruct that a jihadist should use the weapon use by the crusader .
" what we know be that _ always say it be a religious obligation to have the same weapon as they enemy , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer have say .
the Wall Street Journal report that a computer use by Zawahiri contain a June 1999 memo that " say the program should seek cover and talent in educational institution , which it say be ' more beneficial to we and allow easy access to specialist , which will greatly benefit we in the first stage , God willing . ' ''
Zawahiri be associate with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad know as the Vanguard of Conquest .
Zawahiri and the Vanguard of Conquest be seek to recreate _ taking of mecca by a small band through violent attack on Egyptian leader .
by 1998 , Zawahiri have determine that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United State and hold off on further attack against the Egyptian regime .
a key question be how they acquire the anthrax strain first isolate by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .
accord to senior counter terrorism official , both here and abroad , among the supporter of this militant Islamist be people who blend into society and be available to act when another part of the network request it .
a few day before Christmas 2003 , after a renew audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attack , to include in the US homeland , the threat level be raise to orange or " high . "
after the alert condition have long since return to yellow , Zawahiri in late February issue another audiotape .
he urge the President that brigade and brigade would be come under the banner of jihad carry death and seek paradise .
Zawahiri say that the US should expect another 9/11 on US soil .
accord to some report , Zawahiri be think by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan .
at one time , some think he have be spot in Iran .
wherever he be , authority need to focus on the traceable connection between he and that he or Atef recruit .
in October 2001 , do the FBI profiler know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed have on the seize laptop ( from 1995 ) that be sign " Khalid Sheik Bojinka " ?
the letter threaten to use biochemical weapon if the blind sheik be not release .
( Khalid _ involvement date back to Bojinka , as do _ ) .
use of biochemical weapon as blackmail and threaten retaliation for such detention be a alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning .
in May 2004 , Patrick Hughes , Lieutenant General ( retired ) , Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis , Homeland Security Department testify before the 9/11 Commission .
he explain that interrogation and other evidence reveal that Al Qaeda want to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .
the same week , the WTC head testify that while they have not receive any briefing on the use of plane , they have take step to prepare for a attack use anthrax base on intelligence that have be receive .
Al Qaeda have have anthrax , the raw seed product in its unweaponized form , since at least 1997 , when it be purchase by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( " Moro Front " or " MILF " ) .
Zawahiri , Al _ # 2 , be head of Al _ biochemical program .
the CIA have know of _ plan to use anthrax for a half decade .
the confidante and right - hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admit that Zawahiri succeed in obtain anthrax and intend to use it against US target .
another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - make council member no less ) be work for the Egyptian intelligence service and he confirm the report in a swear lengthy confession .
even _ attorney in 1999 say that Bin Laden and Zawahiri be likely to resort to the biological and chemical agent they possess give the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leader face .
a recently release Islamist who have be a close associate of Zawahiri say that Zawahiri spend a decade and have make 15 separate attempt to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .
the US Army recipe be not use , and obtain the unprocessed Ames strain of anthrax use do not warrant the weight give it by some press account .
there be lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that be use , especially in light of the fact that transfer be not even require to be record prior to 1997 .
significantly , the individual who isolate it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon be contact , do not even report that he necessarily send the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .
Senator Patrick Leahy at a congressional hearing in the spring of 2002 note that the FBI have collect the Ames strain from 20 source .
in fall 2004 , MSNBC , rely on a unnamed FBI spokesperson , report that the FBI have narrow the pool of lab know to have have Ames that be a match from 16 to 4 but _ rule out that it be make overseas .
Al _ anthrax production plan on Khalid _ computer do not evidence knowledge of advanced technique in the most efficient biological weapon .
at least accord to the public comment by bioweaponeer expert William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek , under the optimal method , there be no electrostatic charge .
in the case of the anthrax use in the mailing , there be a electrostatic charge .
although there be a dominance of single spore and a trillion spore concentration , there be clump as large as 40 - 100 micron .
( spore must be no big than 5 micron to be inhalable . )
many point to the trillion spore concentration as extraordinary .
it be far simple , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few gram than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsor lab .
the " trillion spore " issue be at the heart of a lot of mistaken theory of the matter conclude that state sponsorship be necessarily indicate .
the report finding at Dugway undermine the argument of both the " bomb Iraq " crowd and the liberal focused on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it as be useful for offensive purpose .
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first tell we , in sensational detail , of _ inquiry about purchase and retrofit a cropduster .
Khalid Mohammed then tell interrogator that Zacarias _ inquiry about crop dusting may have relate to Yazid _ anthrax manufacturing plan .
although the detail of the document on _ computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulty in aerial dispersal , they be fully consistent with the product use in the anthrax mailing .
Al Qaeda have both the means and opportunity .
US - train Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat meet with 9/11 plotter and two hijacker in January 2000 .
Sufaat be a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ( " JI " ) .
JI have tie with the Moro Front .
Sufaat use he company call Green Laboratory Medicine to buy item useful to Al Qaeda .
( green symbolize " Islam " and Prophet _ holy war ) .
Zacarias Moussaoui , who have a crop dusting manual when he be arrest , stay at _ condominium in 2000 when he be try to arrange for flight lesson in Malaysia .
Yazid Sufaat provide Moussaoui with a letter indicate that he be a marketing representative for Infocus Technology and allegedly provide he $ 35000 .
the crop duster be to be part of a " second wave . "
after 9/11 , Yazid Sufaat travel to Afghanistan and Pakistan to work for the Taliban Medical Brigade and to continue he work with anthrax .
as describe in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have meet Sufaat , without realize it , while travel near Kabul in October 2001 , perceive he as Filipino .
the fellow be carry paper from Zawahiri and brag about he ability to manipulate anthrax .
Sufaat be arrest in December 2001 upon he return to Malaysia .
Newsweek report that a " second wave " involve biological attack have be thwart upon the arrest of Al Qaeda member who have be intend to provide logistical support .
various doctor , both foreign and American , be associate with Al Qaeda leader or operative , to include the doctor Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , phd , from Karachi .
microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan be charge along with he son , Ahmed , for harbor the fugitive .
as of March 28 , 2003 , he be in a hospital for a cardiac problem and have be grant " pre-arrest bail . "
yet all you read about at the time be the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receive a stipend from the UN for be officially low - iq due to lead poisoning .
it be Khalid Mohammed who tell authority about Aafia Siddiqui , who have a phd from Brandeis in neurology .
the Pakistani press report that she be nab in Karachi after be spot at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .
if mistaken , how do that report first come about ?
understandably , Amerithrax be a confidential investigation .
the Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interview in connection with a ongoing manhunt .
the CIA do not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 day after he arrest .
as agent Van Harp , then head of the Amerithrax investigation say , the information come from Khalid Mohammed be classified with the authority release only certain limited information .
while _ not easy to separate fact from fiction , Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirm Aafia be still be seek .
they would know .
she mother Ismat last see Aafia and she grandchild before they leave in a minicab at the end of March .
Aafia be on she way with she child to visit a uncle and a friend in Islamabad .
accord to the Pakistan report , Aafia Siddiqui be detain after be spot at Karachi International airport ( after she be follow to a _ house ) .
( Karachi be in the south ) .
the report say she be suspect of have be a member of Al _ " Chemical Wire Group . "
the _ lawyer advise I that Aafia do not have enough money to pay for airfare ticket for herself and the kid and call Ismat from the train station .
that be the last Ismat hear from she .
Aafia never reach the _ house .
perhaps something get lost in the translation , but the phrase " Chemical Wire Group " have appear in all the English Pakistan and India paper .
the _ attorney advise I that Aafia have no knowledge of chemical ( and that would not appear to be she training ) .
there still be a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui be think to have know and be assist .
he nickname be " Jafar the Pilot . "
a senior DOJ official report that Adnan have experience as a commercial pilot .
he be say by one FBI agent to be " very , very , very " dangerous .
he allegedly be at one or more meeting in the summer of 2001 in Pakistan at which KSM and Sufaat be present .
he may have be see in Hamilton , Canada -- along with Egyptian al - Maati , who apparently also have receive pilot training .
the United State truly no long have time for faulty analysis or politically - base preconception .
in early June 2003 , a CIA report conclude that the reason for _ and Zacarias _ inquiry into cropduster be in fact for the contemplate use in disperse biological agent such as anthrax .
it have long be know Osama Bin Laden be interested in use cropduster to disperse biological agent ( since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam ) .
the hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appear to have contract cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan .
it be reasonable to credit he statement that he get the lesion after bump into a suitcase he be carry at a camp in Afghanistan .
the lesion be further evidence of Al _ anthrax production program at Kandahar .
the present evidence relate to _ alleged travel to Prague do not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtain the Ames strain from Iraq .
Iraq , however , remain a possible source of the Ames .
former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek have say that a key Russian scientist assist Iraq and that Russia have the Ames strain .
( he conclusion may have be base on the fake mobile biolab plan foist upon the US by the Chalabi associate " Curveball " , which Alibek divine to be identical to Russian mobile lab design ) .
Zawahiri do travel to Baghdad in 1998 with a entourage to attend the birthday party of _ son .
the paper find at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , _ secret police , show that a entourage from Al Qaeda group be send to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .
accord to at least some report , Bin Laden reject the suggestion of a close alliance -- prefer to pursue he own concept of jihad .
two top Iraqi scientist , code name Charlie and Alpha , be help the coalition to learn more about _ anthrax program , accord to Dr. David Kay , head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMD .
he have say that the Iraqi make surprising innovation in the milling and drying process need to weaponize anthrax .
the media coverage have be seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senator Daschle and Leahy would have be target -- tend to simplistically view they as " liberal . "
Zawahiri likely target Senator Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letter , in addition to various media outlet , because of the appropriation make pursuant to the " Leahy Law " to military and security force .
that money have prevent the militant Islamist from achieve they goal .
Al Qaeda member and sympathizer feel that the _ involvement in country like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interfere with the sovereignty of that country .
accord to a post she make on the internet , Aafia Siddiqui express the same sentiment in connection with US appropriation seek in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .
Senator Leahy be chairman of both the Judiciary Committee oversee the FBI and Appropriations Subcommittee in charge of foreign aid to this country .
in late September 2001 , it be announce that the President be seek a blanket waiver that would lift all restriction on aid to military and security unit in connection with pursue the militant Islamist .
this extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leader , along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt , remain foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri .
at the height of the development of he biological weapon program , he brother be extradite pursuant to a death sentence in the " Albanian returnee " case ( now he face retrial ) .
_ hard to keep up with the story about billion dollar appropriation , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantee to country like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan .
that appropriation pale in comparison to the many ten of billion in appropriation relate to the invasion of Iraq .
Al Qaeda have a motive in mind .
in he fall 2001 book title Knight under the Banner of the Prophet , Zawahiri argue that the secular press be tell " lie " about the militant Islamist -- to include the suggestion that the militant Islamist be somehow the creation of the United State in connection with expel the Russian from Afghanistan .
Zawahiri argue instead that they have be active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the result peace treaty between Egypt and Israel .
the anthrax letter be send on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date Anwar Sadat be assassinate as if to underscore the point to anyone pay attention .
most of the " talk head " on television , however , know only that Daschle and Leahy be liberal Democrat and do not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspaper .
the _ profile include a US - base supporter of the militant Islamist .
Attorney General Ashcroft explain that a " either - or " approach be not useful .
the media have tend to overlook the fact that when the FBI use the word " domestic " the word include a US - base , highly - educated supporter of the militant Islamist .
there be a emerge consensus that anthrax be contain in a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclose a Star of David and propose marriage .
a report by the Center for Disease Control of interview with AMI employee ( as well as detailed interview by author Leonard Cole ) support the conclusion that there be not one , but two , such mailing contain anthrax .
( the letter be to different AMI publication -- one to the National Enquirer and another to the Sun ) .
( news assistant Bobby Bender recall the letter contain the item to have be address to the Sun . )
this tactic of letter be not merely the modus operandi of this militant Islamist inspire by Zawahiri , it be they signature .
the Islamist send letter bomb in January 1997 to newspaper office in New York City and Washington , D.C. .
they be send in connection with the early bombing of the World Trade Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik , Sheik Abdel Rahman .
the former leader of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al - Islamiya ( " Islamic Group " ) , he be also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .
the letter bomb be send in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian Islamist imprison for the early attack on the WTC and a related plot .
the purpose of the letter bomb -- which result in minimal casualty -- be to send a message .
( there initially be a outstanding $ 2 million reward -- under the reward for justice program , the reward now be up to $ 5 million . ) .
there be no claim of responsibility .
there be no explanation .
once one have be receive , the next ten , mail on two separate date , be easily collect .
sound familiar ?
two bomb be also send to Leavenworth , where a key WTC 1993 defendant be imprison , address to " parole officer . "
( the position do not exist ) .
Abdel _ son be capture in Quetta , Pakistan in mid-February 2003 .
that arrest in turn lead to the dramatic capture of Khalid Mohammed , Al _ # 3 .
Mohammed allegedly be hide in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan .
along with Zawahiri , Abdel Rahman and he two son have have considerable influence over Bin Laden .
he reportedly treat they like son .
although while in jail in the early 1980 , Zawahiri cause considerable tension by challenge the blind _ ability to lead a coalition of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Egyptian Islamic Group , Zawahiri and OBL be _ friend .
the imprison WTC 1993 plotter Yousef be _ nephew .
thus , the leader in charge of Al _ anthrax production program have a close connection to that imprison in connection with the early bombing of the World Trade Center .
accord to the controversial " Feith memo , " which summarize purport intelligence show a Iraqi / Al Qaeda connection , Osama Bin Laden have ask Iraqi intelligence for technical assistance in send letter bomb a half year before the Al Hayat letter be send .
just because Al Qaeda like its truck bomb and the like to be effective do not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .
as Brian Jenkins once say , " terrorism be theater . "
a sender purport to be Islamist send cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredient of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003 .
_ even a chapter title " Poisonous Letter " in the Al Qaeda manual .
the " federal eagle " stamp use in the anthrax mailing be a blue - green .
it be widely publish among the militant Islamist that martyr go to paradise " in the heart of green bird . "
in the very interview in which they admit 9/11 , and describe the code use for the four target for the plane , the mastermind admit to the Jenny code , the code for represent the date 9/11 , and use the symbolism of the " green bird . "
Osama Bin Laden late invoke the symbolism in he video " the 19 Martyr . "
a faq on the Azzam Publication website explain that " in the heart of green bird " refer to what be inside .
the _ use of " Greendale School " as the return address for the letter to the senator be also revealing .
a May 2001 letter that Zawahiri send to Egyptian Islamic Jihad member abroad establish that Zawahiri use " school " as a code word for the Egyptian militant Islamist in he correspondence .
green symbolize Islam and be the Prophet _ color .
by Greendale School , the anthrax perp be be cute , just as Yazid Sufaat be be cute in name he lab Green Laboratory Medicine .
" dale " mean " river valley . "
Greendale likely refer to green river valley -- i.e. , _ Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group .
the sender probably be announce that he be of either Egyptian Islamic Jihad , Egyptian Islamic Group or Jihad - al Qaeda , which be actually the full name of the group after the merger of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda .
at the Darunta complex where jihadi train , recruit would wear green uniform , except for Friday when they be wash .
in a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explain that the soul of the martyr be in the heart of green bird that fly wherever they please in the paradise .
as to opportunity , though seldom report , there be a wealth of " open source " information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian Islamic Group in the United State and Canada .
the public information mostly relate to that suspect sleeper who have be detain or who be at large and be be seek .
_ mission in the United State in 1995 be to do spadework for terrorism , not fundraising for charitable cause .
he travel under a alias and be accompany by a former US Army sergeant name Ali Mohammed .
what mosque exactly do they visit and who do they meet ?
whatever you political persuasion , the FBI and CIA deserve we support .
we be , after all , in this together .
first , the nature of such a investigation be that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the FBI be do .
media report be a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of good source .
second , hindsight be 20 / 20 .
third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it be not likely we could do well in strike the appropriate balance between due process and national security .
finally , the " Hatfill theory " seem to have be exhaust or at least lose public favor .
the " Hatfill theory " accuse Dr. Stephen Hatfill be always highly dubious .
the suspicion be found on many false premise , and there be no reliable publicly know evidence indicate he guilt .
the _ fixation on Hatfill ( at least as rumor by some reporter ) may have stem from a warning by one senator that career hang in the balance .
_ chief of staff apparently start with the strong predisposition that some right - winger be involved because two liberal Democrat have be target .
the Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interview and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialist -- be now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claim of uncertain merit .
a suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof be dismiss in late November 2004 .
the judge have agree to delay the civil rights matter from proceeding until at least October 2004 .
the judge , frustrate by the apparent lack of progress , encourage that the party reach a negotiate compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed ( and the judge have direct that the government to file a answer to the complaint ) .
the Hatfill theory ironically might well be understand as a Al Qaeda theory , with a coincidental Malaysian connection add to the other circumstance .
give the regrettable leak that he be under suspicion , it be only fair that the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill have now be drop as a suspect if and when that prove to be the case .
a search of Dr. Ken _ residence likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory .
senior official have be quote in the press as say that the search be for the purpose of exclude he as much as include he .
Maureen ,
Andre be go to look over the list of curve need for the global asset ( August board meeting ) one more time before I forward it to you .
he will make sure that we do not request fx and inflation ( cpi , ppi , etc. ) curve when only one of the curve will actually be use in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index be need .
typically , we receive both fx and inflation from you , but both curve may not always be use .
I hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminate any nonessential request .
for now , this be the list of country for which we will probably need the fx and / or inflation curve .
I will send the specifics per Andre late today .
India
Philippines
Bolivia
Jamaica
Guatemala
Venezuela
Columbia
Puerto Rico cpi only ( I need historical inflation data , as well )
Panama
Brazil we have current data already
China we have current data already
Euro inflation only
I be not certain about the need for the London underwriting / iv group but will request the information from they if you have not do so already .
thanks !
Cindy
David and Cindy ,
please send we the list of the curve that you will need to revalue we international asset for the August board meeting .
thanks ,
Maureen
Philip ,
I have to decline the invitation with regret .
I have too many commitment right now .
Vince Kaminski
dear Vince
just a quick message to follow up on the email that I send you recently invite you to speak at we forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which be take place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .
have you have a opportunity to consider the invitation yet ?
we be aim to have the programme print next week , so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this _ congress .
I be work from we Hong Kong office for this week only ( tel : +852 2545 2710 ) , and I can be contact by phone there or by email .
kind regards .
Philip
Philip Annesley conference producer Risk Waters Group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800 www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus
Beth have make we reservation for the round table Friday night ( 5/18 ) at _ Steak House for 6:30 .
see you all there - this be ling overdue
Paula
Paula ,
thanks a lot .
will you drive on that day ?
Vince
Beth have make we reservation for the Round Table Friday night ( 5/18 ) at _ Steak House for 6:30 .
see you all there - this be ling overdue
Paula
fyi
Vince
Anne , Mike will call you regard Sarah .
Vince ,
as I mention in my voice mail , Mike Roberts go to hire Sara Woody , a recent mba grad from Rice , into he group .
however , when we be talk about this position , Mike compare Sara to Elena .
_ title be admin coordinator , and I know that Sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that Elena should also .
admin coordinator' do primarily administrative work .
I suggest that you compare Elena and _ duty / level to other sr. spec. in you group such as Kenneth Parkhill and Sevil to determine if they be equivalent , or if they scope of responsibility and experience be not as broad .
if the latter be the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range be 33 - 66 k ) .
please advise .
thanks ,
Anne
Clayton ,
thanks a lot .
I appreciate all you help .
Vince
Vince -
good news .
_ box be work wonderfully - _ have everything transfer to it and give he the key by Friday .
this be ( another ) nice deal for Enron .
we save $ 21000 in real money this way , the cash refund Sun be give Enron for we other server , use a box that _ be use by anyone .
_ happy about this .
Clayton
Iris ,
congratulation .
Anne , please , include this info in _ file
Vince
Michael :
thanks for put the paperwork together .
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunity that I _ have access to now .
most of my contact with financial advisor in the past have consist of they suggest a mutual fund , tell I to invest in Home Depot , Sun , and Coke , or try to pass off they _ biased research report as something valuable .
the above service provide no value to I personally .
if you can present opportunity such as access to private equity or hedge fund , or other idea with strong growth potential and low correlation to the s@p , _ listen .
John
John -
_ get the paperwork together and send to you for naked option .
at some point , _ like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the market close ?
Michael Gapinski account vice president Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
Michael :
appreciate the idea .
however , with my natural long , _ not look to really trade around the position .
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it be not , I _ want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .
I have price target of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use call to implement the stategy .
to that regards , I notice I be not approve to sell naked call .
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested option .
please look into that for I .
John .
John -
I be look at the recent pullback in ENE and think it might be a opportunity to buy back the call you sell .
of course , you would then be in a position to sell call again if the stock make a bounce .
_ not sure that ENE @ 75 be the place , but maybe @ 73 .
call I if _ interested .
Michael Gapinski account vice president Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 fax : 713-654-1281 cell : 281-435-0295
notice regard entry of order and instruction : please do not transmit order and / or instruction regard you PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .
order and / or instruction transmit by e-mail will not be accept by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carry out such order and / or instruction .
notice regard privacy and confidentiality : PaineWebber reserve the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communication send and / or receive by its employee .
notice regard entry of order and instruction : please do not transmit order and / or instruction regard you PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .
order and / or instruction transmit by e-mail will not be accept by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carry out such order and / or instruction .
Notice regard privacy and confidentiality : PaineWebber reserve the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communication send and / or receive by its employee .
notice regard entry of order and instruction : please do not transmit order and / or instruction regard you PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .
order and / or instruction transmit by e-mail will not be accept by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carry out such order and / or instruction .
notice regard privacy and confidentiality : PaineWebber reserve the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communication send and / or receive by its employee .
who care ??????
please note that effective immediately my email address have change to sean.cooper@elpaso.com
he just reschedule to Wednesday .
how about dinner on Wednesday after that ?
you buddy Beau invite I .
how about prior to that or after that on Tuesday .
not really ...
already have plan on Thursday .
be you go to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?
oh god be there a agenda .
would dinner Thursday work instead .
not really ...
already have plan on Thursday .
be you go to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?
oh god be there a agenda .
Wednesday _ work for I .
how about Tuesday at 3:30 Houston time .
I completely agree .
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hour with all 6 of we just to make sure we be move forward and to get a update and anything and everything .
my only concern be that we take the boy away from they overwhelming task .
what do you guy think .
John
ok .
I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday .
Monday start next week at 4 ???????????????
Wednesday _ work for I .
how about Tuesday at 3:30 Houston time .
I completely agree .
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hour with all 6 of we just to make sure we be move forward and to get a update and anything and everything .
my only concern be that we take the boy away from they overwhelming task .
what do you guy think .
John
not yet .
do you happen to sign you employment agreement ?
please respond to request below .
thanks .
John Lavorato have request the attach report .
he be concerned about the allocation amongst category - in particular , Real Time Trader .
if you would , please review the entire list and let I know if you be in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .
_ at x if you have any question .
thanks !
I understand all of that comparison , however , the reality be if we lose Dean ( which we will if we _ pay 65 k + 10 k ) , we will end up hire a replacement at 75 - 80 k .
this be pretty easy math for I .
I know it seem like a stretch , but the market for hourly trader be very strong right now .
I would like to get this do asap .
thanks .
I be review the request for a employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent .
Juan communicate some number to I and when review this request would like to ask you to consider the follow :
current salary : $ 47500
job group : specialist
ye prc rating : satisfactory
original proposition :
base salary 65 k
1 year agreement
$ 5000 signing
revise proposal :
base salary : 55 k
1 year agreement
$ 5000 signing
business case : if we offer dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and take into consideration he be rate as satisfactory at the specialist level .
also , the top of the salary range for a specialist be 66 k .
it would still give he room to progress in the current job group should he not be promote .
secondly , he will still out price performer that you have in the same job group that be excellent and strong performer respectively eg. Paul Thomas , Jason Choate , Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .
Salary Listing in Job Group :
Maria Valdes superior $ 62500
Paul Thomas excellent $ 55008
Jason Choate excellent $ 60008
Todd DeCook strong $ 42008
Peter Makkai strong $ 47500
let I know you thought .... then I will run it by Oxley .
be we go to attend ?
transmission expansion and Systems in Transition Conference February 5 - 8 , 2002 , Miami , Florida
overview
this conference will examine the business and regulatory challenge to U.S. electric system in transition in effectively expand transmission capacity to meet new demand in the large and more competitive regional market emerge under FERC 's RTO initiative .
the conference will review the parameter of this challenge and possible solution to they .
it will examine technology option and new business model for transmission expansion .
it will analyze emerge proposal for effective transmission planning and pricing , include market - base pricing alternative to _ traditional pricing method .
the conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve a efficient regime for ensure that the nation have a reliable grid and regional trading system .
the brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtain by click on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>
electricity Market Design Conference March 25 - 26 , 2002 , Atlanta , Georgia
I need to check something in _ 2000 tax return .
who have the 2000 tax return file for 969 ?
Essie
Sonya City
07/30/2001 05:17 pm
< embed picture ( device independent bitmap ) >
I think that this be for you since I _ know any of this people .
who : Enron
what : happy hour for John Suarez
when : today at 5 pm
where : the Front Porch 217 Gray St. ( 713 ) 571-9571
why : today be _ last day at EBS .
this be not a Enron - sponsor event .
how do you feel about take on another company ?
Essie and Leon have propose xferr co. 1691 to you world ( see below ) .
do you concur ?
please let I know Monday morning .
regards ,
Vicsandra
if you have not already make this decision , _ guidance should be helpful .
Patty Lee corporate tax x35172 EB 1774
please see my comment in red below .
Essie
Essie ,
can you recommend where this company each fit within the new organization ?
if possible , can you also give a indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?
thanks ,
Patty
I have a few entity that may need to change group or be assign to a group .
18t - EI Indonesia Operation LLC
this entity be not in TIS , SAP , nor Hyperion .
the 2000 tax return have no income , asset , or liability .
there be a corporate data sheet for this company , but this entity seem to have be inactive since it creation .
86m - Enron Net Works LLC
despite the name , this entity appear to be a MTM company .
per September financial , this company have about $ 3 m of MTM and about $ 8 k of expense , nothing else .
the next 5 company be my responsibility while in EBS , and do not get assign during the reorg .
80y - Enron Broadband Acquisition , Inc .
this entity be create in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communication ( now Enron WarpSpeed Service , Inc. 83n ) , and then dissolve upon completion of merger .
company be around with a small amount of asset and liability , but no i/s item .
83n be my responsibility .
I think this entity should stay with 83n .
so I suggest it be assign to Leon .
it should be 4 - easy .
1579 - EBS Network Co. division of 17h .
this one should possibly be assign to network & service group .
not currently on we list of company .
I think this could go to either holding / administrative company ( same as 17h ) or network & service ( Leon ) .
4 - easy .
1691 - EPI - EBS Europe
set up last month to centralize merchant asset activity .
break out the activity of 1179 .
a similar entity ( 1179 ) be assign to commodity and trade ( Todd Richards and Mary Fischer ) so this one should be assign to they as well .
4 - easy .
1307 - EBIC - Apache , LLC
roll up to Cherokee Finance VOF , a cfc .
Cherokee Finance VOF be assign to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .
maybe this one should also go to they as the only tax which may have to be provide would be foreign tax .
4 - easy .
1689 - EPI - EBS Venture , LLC
set up last month to centralize merchant asset activity .
break out the activity of 1307 .
same as 1307 .
it should be assign to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .
4 - easy .
let I know if you have any question .
Leon Branom senior tax analyst network and service ( 713 ) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com
no problem about move company 1691 over
I see that it be a 4 , so that will be no problem .
how do you feel about take on another company ?
Essie and Leon have propose xferr co. 1691 to you world ( see below ) .
do you concur ?
please let I know Monday morning .
regards ,
Vicsandra
if you have not already make this decision , _ guidance should be helpful .
Patty Lee corporate tax x35172 EB 1774
please see my comment in red below .
Essie
Essie ,
can you recommend where this company each fit within the new organization ?
if possible , can you also give a indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?
thanks ,
Patty
Virginia ,
hello .
I be originally inquire about purchase a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph .
I find they and purchase both from a gallery in London , William Weston .
they should be deliver this week .
they be beautiful and will add a lot to we collection .
by the way the Lichtenstein be up and hang in we formal living room and it be magnificent .
I have also purchase a Appel in the last month .
I be interested in several artist .
actually , a lot .
I will be look for one or more of the follow .
my concept be that over time I would like to own one of all the follow artist and they be all depend when I find something that we really like .
I list all of we ( sometimes mine versus my _ favorite and priority ) .
they be kind of in rank order but as I state if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .
I want sign and number .
I realize that some be not sign by the artist but it be a important fact in my buying decision .
I also realize that some may not have do any work on paper or they be outrageously expensive .
for example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline do any work on paper .
at least that be what I be think now .
Bonnard ( colorful only )
Lautrec
Suerat ( any work on paper ? -
I _ know that he do any )
other impressionist or post impressionist litho
Braque
Moore
Arp
Rouault
Modrian
Rothko
Kline
Motherwell
by the way , I be interested in re-look at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that you gallery have a couple of year ago .
it be a cubist piece from the 1920 and I believe you call the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation versus a attempt at the proper spelling ) .
it be for sale in a couple of gallery in SF and be about $ 20000 .
be there 1 available ?
also I be still think about the Matisse we discuss before but as you can see , I have a lot of other artist I be interested in and it may remain on the back burner because we already have one .
thanks ,
mike
Huskers drool over Sooners .
kenrice@enroncommunications _ _
01/19/2001 09:14 am
Huskers rule , Sooners drool .
mikemcconnell@ect _
01/19/01 07:55 am
thanks for the note .
Sooners rule .
_ find time when thing settle down .
m
kenrice@enroncommunications _ _
01/19/2001 07:24 am
Mike
I see that we be schedule to have lunch today .
I may have to postpone again , _ let you know late this morning .
I be out all weekend and we have to have the final comment on the analyst presentation in by Sunday night so I may be work over lunch .
actually , I think we be in pretty good shape so I will probably be do lunch but just _ be too mad if I have to cancel .
Ken
ps you brother tell I he go to 3 bowl game ( when I find out that two of they be the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport ( I _ remember the name of it )) I realize he be a very , very sick college football fan .
Jeff , here be the intial draft .
please leave as a word document and make any change and addition that you think necessary .
I _ even change the wording after I first put it down .
Mike
Mark , I think you would enjoy the comment about you .
m
kenrice@enroncommunications _ _
01/19/2001 07:24 am
Mike
I see that we be schedule to have lunch today .
I may have to postpone again , _ let you know late this morning .
I be out all weekend and we have to have the final comment on the analyst presentation in by Sunday night so I may be work over lunch .
actually , I think we be in pretty good shape so I will probably be do lunch but just _ be too mad if I have to cancel .
Ken
ps you brother tell I he go to 3 bowl game ( when I find out that two of they be the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport ( I _ remember the name of it )) I realize he be a very , very sick college football fan .
I will put this on we calendar .
too bad you _ make the Compaq thing , but maybe next year .
San Antonio , wow what a let down from the other city .
that will be a nice time of year though .
I can recommend some good restaurant since I take Ric there last year for he birthday .
we stay at the Menger and have a great time .
kaymann@enron _
09/20/2000 04:18 pm
this Friday - Michael go for a visit at St. Francis , which may be he new school ( so far , so good ) .
_ be in around 1000
most Friday _ go to try to pick Michael up since _ away so much , which mean leave by 445 or so .
October 4 , ENA orientation in the am .
October 19 / 20 , Neil be out of town , so I have to pick Michael up from school ( leave at 430 )
October 26 / 27 , hope to be vacation time .
Neil have a meeting in San Antonio ( usually it be in Miami , San Francisco , Phoenix - not so great this year ) .
it be the _ meeting for Enterprise , and spouse be invite .
this mean we _ be in town for the Compaq thing .
figure , of course .
thanks for ask .
_ watch for some good vacation day , also ...
fyi / review / comment
I have a couple of question so I can wrap up the loi :
we refer to license fuel cell energy equipment .
do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?
do we want to attach a draft of the development agreement , and condition the final deal on agree to term substantially the same as _ in the draft ?
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite we on the backside with that one .
do we expect to have one epc contract , or several ?
_ look for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in _ file ( _ check closely yet ) .
if anyone have it handy , it could speed thing up for I .
thanks ,
Kay
forget the one or more contract question .
I see we expect to have separate contract for each project .
I have a couple of question so I can wrap up the loi :
we refer to license fuel cell energy equipment .
do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?
do we want to attach a draft of the development agreement , and condition the final deal on agree to term substantially the same as _ in the draft ?
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite we on the backside with that one .
do we expect to have one epc contract , or several ?
_ look for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in _ file ( _ check closely yet ) .
if anyone have it handy , it could speed thing up for I .
thanks ,
Kay
on the issue of the contract , the draft say that the $ 170 m be pay when the epc contract be sign .
be we expect that the portion attributable to each project will be pay as the individual epc contract be sign ?
thanks ,
Kay
1 . the pricing that we have give CRRA be specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without list the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .
hence , I think that we have to reference the manufacturer .
2 . the attachment of the development agreement be a Jeff question .
in order to mark any 2000 income , we will need to get CRRA to execute the development agreement in 2000 .
in my opinion , we should show CRRA a copy of the loi with the assumption that the development agreement be attach .
I would actually send they the draft development agreement a couple day after the loi .
base on how CRRA react , I would make a ultimate determination if the agreement need to be attach to the loi .
3 . I expect at least one epc contract per project .
we _ want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project .
performance test will either be perform on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a give project .
remarkably clear explanation .
send by : benjacoby@ect _
fyi , see below .
_ birthday be tommorow .
what be we go to get she ?
Chris
that be some good stuff .
I hear you be come we way soon .
look forward to drink a few beer .
Chris
Michael McDermott < michael.mcdermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 am
yo _ so fat ....
you mama be so fat : when she haul ass she have to make two trip .
when she dance she make the band skip .
when she be diagnose with the flesh eat disease the doctor give she 13 year to live .
she put mayonnaise on aspirin . ( <- clearly the winner )
she cereal bowl come with a lifeguard .
when she go to the zoo the elephant throw she peanut .
she high school graduation picture be a aerial photograph .
she _ license say " picture continue on other side . "
she have to iron she pants on the driveway .
the back of she neck look like a pack of hot dog .
yo _ so fat , all the restaurant in town have sign that say : " maximum occupancy : 240 patron or yo mama " yo _ so fat , when she run away , they have to use all four side of the milk carton .
yo _ so fat , instead of Levis 501 jeans , she wear Levi`s 1002`s .
yo _ so fat , when she get in a elevator , it have to go down .
yo _ so fat , she be bear with a silver shovel in she mouth .
yo _ so fat , _ get small fat woman orbit around she .
yo _ so fat , she could sell shade .
you will have to wait and see :-)
done !
expect a call from Paul tonight .
Chris
what be some good interview question ?
poll you co-worker .
cd
I tell Paul that you call he yesterday so abruptly because you _ want to waste he time while you get test do for arthritis .
I tell he I tell you to call he back and at least hear what he have to say .
he say they be look for people and base on what I tell he a interview be a formality .
Chris
be that microwave that you give Dan really expensive ?
all the guy at work be say I _ bother have it fix I should just buy a new one .
Chris
Jai Hawker 974-6721
I _ forget about the $ .
do I need to cross reference the deal in my model to the deal in the system or do you already do that ?
Chris
Kathy ,
_ take that deal out until I look at it .
I think it be mine but I forget to write it in the blue fx book ( I only write it in my red book ) .
thanx ,
Chris
just a reminder to send I a currency report .
thanx ,
Chris
Paul call I today .
he will be in Calgary in a couple of week and will interview you then .
Chris
you should reply asap .
_ make Peters and Co. wait .
Chris
I _ get a chance to talk to Paul today .
give he a call tommorow .
Chris
will you please run a June nx3 / nx1 for we book .
Paul
how about meet at 11:30 or 12 ?
I be in the office so give I a call .
CD 3-1663
the deed be done .
Chris
find attach resume and cover letter .
hopefully he _ spel anyting incorrectly .
Dan be really smart and a hard worker .
I think he would be a good fit .
give I a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss ( go to Kelowna golf for the weekend ) .
cheer ,
Chris
I _ have a chance to send it yet .
Paul be out of the office today so I _ have a chance to talk to he .
_ send it as soon as you respond whether I should or not .
Chris
be you guy still look for a analyst ?
should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly ?
Chris Enron Canada Corp. suite 1100 , 70 York Street Toronto , Ontario m5j 1s9 416-865-3700
Paul DeVries - director 416-865-3703
Jan Wilson - manager 416-865-3704
attach be a forecast for the rest of the summer for the x ( nwp and pgt ) .
we should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can .
Chris
see you there !
CD
sushi tonight ?
Ryan Watt say high .
Chris
I will be able to attend .
Chris
Mike Jordan
26/09/2000 14:14
Fernley / Sally
off and on ( with Jackie _ help ) I have pull together a one page communication note on we fundamental operating standard ( itself a one page summary ) .
we be in the final stage of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )
have you any thought on draft or cover note ?
Mike
late January sound great .
Meagan do have a couple of big thing on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation ( big dance that she and I be committed to help with ) , the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion .
I believe that this be three weekend in a row , January 6 , 13 and 20th .
so the last weekend in January would work well ( and I will need a rest from formal affair ! ) .
do that work for you ?
and do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday ?
Saturday probably work well for I , just so that I be back in Houston and do laundry by Sunday afternoon !!
hi ...
talk to the little mother - to - be .
she say a shower would be grand .
she have some big presentation mid-January .
how do late January sound to you .
should we set a date now ?
be I turn into mother ?
Cindy
I think that it be a great idea to get some press regard we fundamental operating standard , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .
on the means of delivery , I be not sure from you note whether or not I fully understand the intent .
be there a article to be include in a Enron publication and in addition a letter to be send under _ name ( if so , to whom will the letter be send ) ?
or be the letter from John a introduction to be include as a lead in to the article ?
with regard to a global message , I think that one of the key point around fundamental operating standard be that they be intend to be global in nature , apply to every commodity and every location where we engage in trading activity .
with this operating standard implement worldwide , we will know as operation professional that risk be be mitigate and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there be consistency in operating standard worldwide .
this global standard also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well define requirement with regard to trading operation .
I be not sure from the article as write that the global nature of this effort come across .
finally , a question regard timing .
the last I know after you and Brent draft this starting point for fundamental operating standard be that this be be circulate ( Shona take this to do after _ return to Houston ) for comment to all business controller .
I _ believe that we be quite at the point that we can say that all business controller worldwide have review , understand and have implement this standard .
and not to belittle the process of create the standard , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be a effective exception report on a global basis against this standard .
my commitment to Rick Causey be that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year .
there be much work to do in define the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable source of data for compile the report .
Shona have commission Mike Moscoso to work on this , and I believe that Mike have already be work with James New .
so I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standard that we can not yet report against .
would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operation Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to this standard and ( hopefully ) we first draft of a meaningful exception report ?
sorry that this response look so long .
I have be interrupt 20 time while respond , so I hope that it make sense .
thanks for share this with I .
since you ask for input , I hope that you _ mind that I give you some .
-- Sally
davidwdelainey@ect _ _
11/10/2000 01:04 pm
Steve , I notice that we allocation from 2000 to 2001 be go up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 m from $ 11.5 m .
we have be able to keep _ direct group expense flat year on year , we be try hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .
do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal ?
regards
Delainey
_ worry about it ... sorry for put you back on speaker .
I just want Sue to hear ( she enjoy utility bashing so much ) .
thanks for the comment on the hearing .
in some respects I _ think the first panel could have go much well ; everyone thank FERC for intervene ( though for different reason ) .
the other staff report be also look good .
Scott Miller have be a godsend -- somebody not afraid to tell it like it be .
Jeff Dasovich
send by : Jeff Dasovich
11/10/2000 12:33 pm
I apologize if I offend anyone .
please let they know that I be simply quote the ceo of a large , regulate utility in California .
thanks for attribute the quote to I .
you do a great job at the hearing ---- it go decidely downhill after you leave .
good ,
Jeff
do she have any interest in meet one - on - one or be she just look for a public hanging ?
I remain convinced that if we can just get the fact in front of people they will modulate they approach .
Jeff Dasovich
send by : Jeff Dasovich
11/10/2000 12:21 pm
give the short notice , we will politely decline to participate at the hearing on Monday , but will let the good senator know that , in general , we intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a solution that work for everybody .
amen .
see below .
can we get some help on the IBM issue ?
Erin Rice
11/10/2000 11:08 am
Steve :
at this point , we it contact be backpedal a bit and suggest they can overcome the tibco and terminal server problem .
there be still four important issue , however :
it still _ commit to transfer message across domain .
this mean that message initiate at Corp and intend for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business unit outside the Corp domain .
no message will reach the EES organization unless IBM agree not to use they proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .
WebLogic be require by BackWeb , although it be design by a separate company .
hr , intend to be a key user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey response _ be make anonymous .
hr have already purchase a tool call CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous survey .
message will not be deliver simultaneously to all user in the same domain , nor will they be deliver for two to five hour after they be send by the message administrator .
another thing to consider be that this message will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , mean user _ retrieve they and read they late ( as they can with e-mail ) .
this mean that I could be away from the office for several day and miss a message entirely , because it would have expire and disappear by the time I return .
the plain fact be that a few member of it be push this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .
they be hope Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow they to fully test this tool before implement it company - wide .
please let we know if you have additional question .
- er
Steven J Kean
11/09/2000 11:35 am
do we have a sense for how many we can reach , how many we _ and where they be ?
be whole office ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or be it only that who have home office ?
Courtney Votaw
11/08/2000 11:02 am
Mark and Steve -
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issue concern BackWeb before we proceed .
as you can see from the design document , they be pretty significant .
thanks ,
Courtney
calendar
paulkaufman@ect _
send by : lysaakin@ect _
11/10/2000 05:59 pm
Paul Kaufman have ask I to set a conference call to review the FERC meeting that be hold Thursday , November 9th .
please be advise that I have set the call as follow :
date : Monday , November 13th
time : 11:30 am / 1:30 pm Central / 2:30 pm Eastern
call in # : 888-422-7132
pin # : 411507
pin # for Paul Kaufman only : 362416
if you have any question , please call 503/464-7927 .
Lysa Akin ass't. to Paul Kaufman
_ on tonight
_ do you watch you girl on tv last night ?
the deal number be 814014 - why _ you see this ?
do you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchase 3500 mmbtu on May 30th @ 2.975 ?
they be invoice for this and I _ have a invoice for it .
can you give I the Sitara deal # ?
thanks
Darla
ok to book for I and my husband , Joseph .
I be issue a new corporate American Express card .
same number with expiration date of 3/03 .
if you need any more info , please advise .
otherwise , I will assume you will book the two ticket .
thank you .
actually - upon second look the deal number be 814014 - why _ you see this ?
do you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchase 3500 mmbtu on May 30th @ 2.975 ?
they be invoice for this and I _ have a invoice for it .
can you give I the Sitara deal # ?
thanks
Darla
should be non Bondad
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sale to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .
we system reflect SJ Bondad gdp but SWG be go to pay we base on SJ non-Bondad gdp .
can you please confirm which price be correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?
thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC client service phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com
sorry about the flooding .
hope you and you family survive ok .
attach be the gas settlement and support for May .
the only difference we have be for package v02 .
Mark Anderson say that even though Bondad gas flow , the price be non-Bondad .
have a great day .
Nancy
- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>
- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>
actually - for volume flow out of Bondad - which be deal number 763736 price be Bondad gda ; for Blanco - deal number 759933 - price be non-Bondad gda
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sale to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .
we system reflect SJ Bondad gdp but SWG be go to pay we base on SJ non-Bondad gdp .
can you please confirm which price be correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?
thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC client service phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com
sorry about the flooding .
hope you and you family survive ok .
attach be the gas settlement and support for May .
the only difference we have be for package v02 .
Mark Anderson say that even though Bondad gas flow , the price be non-Bondad .
have a great day .
Nancy
- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>
- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>
I talk with Mark at SW Gas - just honro he number
Nancy , can you please reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondad ?
my trader be support she price of SJ Bondad gdp rather than SJ non-Bondad gdp .
thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC client service phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com
actually - for volume flow out of Bondad - which be deal number 763736 price be Bondad gda ; for Blanco - deal number 759933 - price be non-Bondad gda
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sale to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .
we system reflect SJ Bondad gdp but SWG be go to pay we base on SJ non-Bondad gdp .
can you please confirm which price be correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?
thanks
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC client service phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 email : laurie.ellis@enron.com
sorry about the flooding .
hope you and you family survive ok .
attach be the gas settlement and support for May .
the only difference we have be for package v02 .
Mark Anderson say that even though Bondad gas flow , the price be non-Bondad .
have a great day .
Nancy
- enron.xls << file : enron.xls >>
- enrongss.xls << file : enrongss.xls >>
please find enclose _ request for volume for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01 :
see attach spreadsheet .
please quote the gas on a index basis .
if you have any question or comment , please advise .
I have not have the patience to get it work - I will call you some evening and we can walk through it .
how be you trip to Des Moines ?
do that stuff from Joe help you car .
hey Cester ,
when be we go to get NetMeeting go ?
how be _ knee ?
do she ever go to a real doctor ?
[ Tholt , Jane M. ]
yes she be have physical therapy 3 time a week .
she say it be get good .
I _ see she for a couple of week and have only talk to she .
I will probably be call you next week - the desk want I to become more involved in regulatory update so I will seek you assistance with this matter .
Jared just tell I you have a bunch of stuff on you plate and I think you be about to get much busy too .
cool by I !
Jared , Ruth and I be go to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .
if no one object , I will be the lead coordinator on Florida start tomorrow .
yes maam , _ ubs now .
she be just down here too .
Chris ,
I _ remember if you email mention Judy .
do she make it ?
Cindy Franklin transportation service work : 832.676.3177 fax : 832.676.1329 pager : 1.888.509.3736
******************************************************************
this email and any file transmit with it from the ElPaso Corporation be confidential and intend solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they be address .
if you have receive this email in error please notify the sender .
******************************************************************
Jared , Ruth and I be go to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .
if no one object , I will be the lead coordinator on Florida start tomorrow .
ok , I never get to talk to Ruth because she be always on the phone .
and I bet _ on the phone with Shemin too !!!
should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we do before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself ?
we last call be Iris Kind , Bill Savier ( sp ? ) , and Jeff Davis .
_ forget about I .
_ still try to find out what it will take to move gas on and ena tabs agreement .
no transportation at this point , just a tabs .
also , it will be much easy for you guy to monitor because most of the deal will be monthly .
Steve , everything look good with one exception .
the rate schedule on Tennessee should be either net - 2 or net - 284 .
I _ find out until Monday .
you review and approve it , keep it on you desk , and I will come over and make the change at you desk on Monday .
then _ take it to Ed for he approval .
by the way , Cullen and Dykman be send copy of what we be do to Melanie Gray .
Chris :
per we conversation a few minute ago , attach please find the revise stipulation .
this document have be modify with the change that be in the mark - up you fax to Toni Donohue here a few hour ago .
I also delete " subject to recall " base on we discussion , assume you get approval for that revision .
you inform I that you would discuss this with you attorney .
also , as I mention to you , we have fax you mark - up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston to keep she informed .
( she voice mail say _ out of the office until Monday . )
thanks for all you help on this .
David T. Metcalfe Cullen and Dykman LLP 177 Montague Street Brooklyn , New York 11201 phone : 718-780-0046 fax : 718-780-0276 e-mail : dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
____________________________________________________
this email may contain material that be confidential , privileged and / or attorney work product for the sole use of the intend recipient ( s ) .
any review , reliance or distribution by other or forwarding without express permission be strictly prohibit .
if you be not the intend recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copy .
<< stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc >>
<< blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc >>
- stipulation -ect-kedne re igts & tennessee cap releases -final.doc - blackline -stip -ect-kedne re cap releases -2-f.doc
a heartwarming story of the advance of woman in achieve equality throughout the world .
Barbara Walters do a story on gender role in Kuwait several year before the Gulf War .
she note then that woman customarily walk about 10 foot behind they husband .
she return to Kuwait recently and observe that the man now walk several yard behind they wife .
Ms. Walters approach one of the woman and say , " this be marvelous .
can you tell the free world just what enable woman here to achieve this reversal of role ? "
" land mine , " say the kuwaiti woman .
Cullen and Dykman ( attorney for Boston Gas Company ) approve all of we change on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas .
they also make one other change , they be take out the " subject to recall " language at the bottom of page 2 under item # 1 .
they will be send the revise document to I .
I will deliver it to you for you approval .
maybe we can go drink too .
that would be fun .
_ be at you house around 10:30 or 11 tonight .
you really do not have to go .
I know you have a lot go on with you and the little woman .
I can handle the tractor .
love to have you along for the company , but it be not necessary .
you have a lot on you plate , dad .
chris.germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 pm
funny .
no .
I _ feel guilty about the garage sale , _ why I be annoyed - be notify at 10:00 at night grr .
I do feel guilty about you do all this work .
so _ go with you , I pay for the gas and the twinky .
correction ,
Jack welch be the ceo of GE , not GM .
Vince Kaminski
the eThink team
we recently ask you to create a eSpeak " wish list " for we .
the response be tremendous and , in some case , very creative .
you fellow employee ask for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush .
in all , we receive request for 61 person outside of Enron to host a eSpeak event .
we think you might like to know who you colleague find interesting , so _ provide a sampling of the suggestion below .
here be the top ten most request espeaker .
10 . Jack Welch , ceo , General Motor
9 . Scott McNeally , ceo , Sun Microsystem
8 . satisfied Enron customer
7 . Stephen Covey , author , the Seven Habit of highly Effective People
6 . Oprah Winfrey , talkshow host
5 . General Colin Powell , former Chairman , Joint Chief of Staff , U.S.A .
4 . Alan Greenspan , Chairman , Federal Reserve , U.S.A .
3 . former U.S. President George Bush
2 . Bill Gates , ceo , Microsoft
1 . Texas Governor George W. Bush
while we _ make any promise , we will do we good to bring in at least some of this special guest .
if you have any contact who could help we get in touch with this guest speaker , please let we know at ethink@enron.com .
everybody need a little help now and then , even eSpeak .
there be plenty of internal speaker request , as well .
that request should be somewhat easy to meet , although schedule time with some of we colleague can be quite a task !
thank you all for you participation .
Dale ,
confirm .
Vince
Vince :
7 am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect .
I will see you in the lobby at 7 am .
good regards ,
Dale
Dale ,
Friday be a bad day ( performance review committee all day ) .
what about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7:00 ?
we can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown ( Smith Street ) .
Vince
Vince :
can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at you office ?
that would be particularly convenient for I .
I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane .
that will ensure that I _ take up too much of you time !!
thanks for you effort here , and thanks for be patient with I .
Dale Nesbitt
fyi
Vince sell !
_ initiate the call .
Ed ,
Thursday work for I .
what about 10:30 my time ?
Vince
please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >
how about Thursday , July 6 ?
Ed ,
a correction .
I shall spend a entire day at prc ( performance review ) on Friday , July 7 .
can we do on another day
Vince
please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >
_ still be here in Boston so _ do it over the phone .
ok ?
Ed ,
will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone ?
Vince
please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >
Vince ,
how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday , July 7 at 11 am EDT ?
Ed
Ed ,
July 12 , 2:30 it be .
I would like the pre-meeting site cruise .
how can we arrange it ?
Vince
please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >
Vince ,
_ all set for 2:30 on July 12 .
how about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday , July 7 at 11 am EDT ?
Ed
Ed ,
Wednesday , July 12 , 2:300 will work for I .
I shall be glad to review you website -- www.weathereffects.com .
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join I .
Vince
please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >
Vince ,
good to hear from you and _ glad _ available .
how be Wednesday at 2:30 ?
I do look at eol and be not surprised to see its quality .
I be unable to say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because of deadline pressure .
how be the site do ?
I be intrigue by the competition for trading platform and be astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell be go to launch a site to compete with yours .
talk about a shotgun marriage !
if we have time next week , I could step you through we website -- www.weathereffects.com .
_ very proud of what _ do .
I _ give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone use my password .
_ a very ambitious site -- with state - of - the - art wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) drive a good load model for PJM and NEPOOL .
ESAI contribute oil and gas input price forecast , capacity judgment , and " herding " idea to develop power price forecast for same time period .
after one _ full - bore effort , _ pleased with the result ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turn out $ 46 ) .
have a great weekend .
Ed
Ed ,
I shall be available on both day .
what about Wednesday , July 12 , between 1:30 and 4:00 .
please , let I know what time would work for you .
it will be nice to see you again .
Vince
p.s. by the way , do you have a chance to take a look at the eol ?
please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com
carolineabramo@enron _
03/02/2001 10:46 am
what do you think ?
joe_lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 am
currently Cargill and Enron have a 15 mm collateral threshold .
if possible , I think the clean way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .
we would still operate under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex for this biz .
we would still keep the 20000000 line reference in schedule b of the poa agreement .
the line in the poa be a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .
the 20 mill reflect gross exposure .
let I know if you think this be reasonable and workable .
we too , be open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationship be very important and a high priority to we .
thanks
Joe
Joe -
a few thing regade the poa / Cargill line ..
I be go to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .
we should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people use the line , put we over the limit , without I know ...
we could change the language of the poa to this ...
we will not go over _ piece of the Cargill line ...
I think this would solve we main concern ...
please let I know ... we be eager to keep trade with Global and yourselves ...
regards ,
Caroline
Dee :
let I know if we need to discuss anything .
I be hopeful that we be ready to prepare execution copy .
regards .
Sara Shackleton
Susan Bailey
02/27/2001 08:23 am
Dee ,
attach for you review be a blackline version of the : ( a ) schedule and ( b ) paragraph 13 to the isda master agreement .
this have be compare against the draft date 11/8/2000 , and include _ accept change per you ( a ) fax comment transmit to ENA on January 5 , 2001 , and ( b ) e-mail comment transmit to ENA on January 19th , 2001 .
we look forward to you response .
cordially ,
Susan S. Bailey
I _ know anything about this transaction .
Sara Shackleton
jorgeagarcia@enron _ _
03/01/2001 01:35 pm
good afternoon Sara ,
I want to follow up with you regard the creation and approval of isda confirmation for the follow equity trade that I understand Laurel have discuss with you previously .
1 ) Edison International - swap with Enron Europe Ltd. ( 2 in total )
2 ) pg&e - swap with Enron Europe Ltd. ( 3 in total )
please advise .
regards ,
Jorge
" calculation of float amount : the float amount payable by [ ENA ] on a payment date will be calculate for that payment date as follow :
float amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x float price ) - usd [ 38000 ? ]
Sara Shackleton
" other provision : on each payment date , [ ENA ] shall pay [ a fee of ] [ a amount equal to ] usd { 38000 ? ] , which amount shall be subject to the netting provision of the [ master agreement - how do you refer to the agreement ? ] "
Sara Shackleton
Sara Shackleton
03/02/2001 02:10 pm
" calculation of float amount : the float amount payable by [ ENA ] on a payment date will be calculate for that payment date as follow :
float amount = ( notional quantity per calculation period x float price ) - usd [ 38000 ? ]
Sara Shackleton
what person ( s ) in London prepare credit for the English and Singapore financial transaction ?
at some point in the not so distant future , the Houson and London credit department need to speak in order that each understand the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transaction .
I look forward to hear from you .
regards .
Sara
ps congrat on you promotion !
I _ have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake you hand .
hope you enjoy you weekend in Houston .
look fine
Sara Shackleton
carlosalatorre@enron _
02/27/2001 06:07 pm
Sara :
we need to change the prod description for the lme product .
the change be mainly on the settlement date text , which instead of " ... two business day after the date of the transaction ... " shall read as follow :
for Curr LME LME ( Spot ) 01 March 01 jpy / usd
a currency transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited ( " EEFTL " ) as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either ( a ) for the case in which counterparty submit a offer to buy from EEFTL , counterparty shall receive the base currency amount and shall pay the foreign currency amount , or ( b ) for the case in which counterparty submit a offer to sell to EEFTL , counterparty shall pay the base currency amount and shall receive the foreign currency amount .
the base currency amount shall equal the volume submit by the counterparty via the website .
the foreign currency amount shall equal the base currency amount , multiply by the daily London Metal Exchange ( LME ) fixing rate as publish by Reuters on page mtle on the date of the transaction , modify by the price submit by the counterparty via the website .
the term of the transaction shall correspond to the date ( s ) set forth in the product description on the website .
the settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the product description on the website .
the price be quote in jpy ( the ' foreign currency ' ) per US dollar ( the ' base currency ' ) .
the unit of measure against which the price be quote shall be US dollar .
please let I know you approval before we make any change .
thanks
Carlos
I need to have a form fill out that say I _ have health insurance coverage through Enron .
can you find out who I need to send it to in hr ?
thanks ,
Kay
you mom just call and say you _ surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .
Tuesday , March 20th .
they will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hour and then _ watch he for 2 more hour before they put he into icu .
they be hope _ only be in the hospital 48 hour .
Scott
term sheet for draft contract , as request .
I have a change in plan next week .
my dad be have surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be head that way on Monday .
I be plan to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenge in Ft. Worth which I would not have have otherwise .
I will manage client expectation accordingly .
Kay
I hope you _ change you mind about go to the wedding Sunday .
I plan on take Michael to the new Star War exhibit at the Museum of Fine Art .
they show some kid on tv , and they be quite take with it .
++++++ confidentiality notice +++++
the information in this email may be confidential and / or privileged .
this email be intend to be review by only the individual or organization name above .
if you be not the intend recipient or a authorize representative of the intend recipient , you be hereby notify that any review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachment , if any , or the information contain herein be prohibit .
if you have receive this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from you system .
thank you
Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:03 pm
I have a change in plan next week .
my dad be have surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be head that way on Monday .
I be plan to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenge in Ft. Worth which I would not have have otherwise .
I will manage client expectation accordingly .
Kay
_ not plan to get involved since this be you deal .
be that ok with you ?
lorieleigh@ect _ _ _
03/15/2001 04:17 pm
Conference Plus will be host this call :
the date : Thursday , March 22nd , 2001
the number : 1-800-991-9019
the passcode : 6871082#
the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am CST
the place : EB 3143c
the subject : turbine 1 and turbine 2 purchase agreement
if you have any problem or question , please feel free to call I at 713-853-1696 .
thank you ,
Lorie Leigh
yes , but this time it be he carotid artery - the one that transport blood to the brain .
big deal kind of stuff .
I hope you _ surgery go well !
be this related to the problem he be have get around ( circulatory ? ) ?
Kathleen
Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:11 pm
Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:03 pm
I have a change in plan next week .
my dad be have surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be head that way on Monday .
I be plan to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenge in Ft. Worth which I would not have have otherwise .
I will manage client expectation accordingly .
Kay
for good or bad , all the folk under the heading " origination " and " development " be ours , although Kathleen have a special role with development .
Kay
fyi - see row 49 - 53 ; column e - j for we group .
Kathleen
lorieleigh@ect _ _ _
03/15/2001 04:44 pm
I receive a report from hr and it appear there be conflict information regard some of the title for various employee .
please verify that the title be correct for everyone in you group .
the one that I make change to be in red .
thanks ,
Paula .
I format the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet .
please use this new file as oppose to the one I send early .
please review the attach org chart for March and submit any change by noon tomorrow .
it be imperative that all of the information on the attach file be accurate , include title , as this information be be give directly to John Lavorato and Louise Kitchen .
thanks ,
Paula .
_ the version show revision .
Kay --
I finally get it to blackline correctly .
here it be .
also attach be a sample availability provision ( actually 2 different version ) .
- redvepco.doc
- sample.doc
lorieleigh@ect _ _ _
03/15/2001 04:17 pm
Conference Plus will be host this call :
the date : Thursday , March 22nd , 2001
the number : 1-800-991-9019
the passcode : 6871082#
the time : 10:00 am - 11:00 am CST
the place : EB 3143c
the subject : turbine 1 and turbine 2 purchase agreement
if you have any problem or question , please feel free to call I at 713-853-1696 .
thank you ,
Lorie Leigh 46093
Kay Mann
02/13/2001 04:13 pm
good afternoon ,
_ forward a revise development agreement term sheet , show revision from you original version .
we look forward to see you soon .
thanks ,
Kay
Peggy Banczak be the ENA lawyer who handle Mexico .
johnschwartzenburg@enron_development _
03/16/2001 09:22 am
I do not think the prior e-mail get through to Kay .
be either of you familiar with this project ?
we have have no contact with the ENA / Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I _ want to bust any structuring goal .
we project manager ( Scott Laidlaw ) and engineer ( Harry Okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering service on this project to support the ENA work .
I now understand that someone at ENA / Enron Mexico / Enron Wholesale have sign a epc contract with ABB for this project .
I be not in the office today , so please include Renee Alfaro on you response .
JWVS
hello Janice :
I enjoy you recent e-mail but be sorry to hear about you dad .
it sound as though he health have deteriorate significantly .
this be always difficult time .
as I watch my mother and _ health deteriorate and ultimately watch they die , it be a very defining time in we life .
but we can be very thankful to have such great parent and to have have the privilege to have be raise in such loving home .
sound as though Eric have do very well as SMSU .
he be join a excellent company .
I be also delighted to hear that he will continue he education work toward a mba .
as we be live in a age where intellectual capital be so valuable , it be important for every young person to obtain the very good possible education they can .
as to we family , within the last ten day we young daughter Elizabeth be marry to a young man from Buenos Aires , Argentina .
they meet while they be both work on a project as lawyer in Buenos Aires .
_ currently on they honeymoon but shortly after return will be move from Buenos Aires to Miami , Florida .
this past Thursday night we sixth grandchild be bear .
it be bear to we son David and he wife Courtney .
it be a 7 lb. , 10 oz. , 20 inch little boy .
so we now have three grandson and three granddaughter range from about 2 year - 4 month down to a few day .
they be a great deal of fun .
we be do quite well .
I be look forward to see Ginger " Rees " Copeland when she come to Houston .
I would be delighted to arrange ticket for you and you family should you ever have occasion to visit Houston .
I hope you have a great summer .
thank you for you recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at you conference .
unfortunately , due to Mr. _ schedule he will not be able to participate .
thank you again ,
Tori L. Wells executive secretary
hi -
just to let you know that it look like one day will work .
I want to check with Mr. Lay before confirm .
thanks .
Rosalee
dear Ken ,
as you know , we next meeting be on Wednesday , July 12 from 3:00 - 5:30 p.m .
in the next week or so , _ be send around a discussion paper which we hope crystallize the issue , and we will try to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it .
meanwhile , Arthur Levitt have agree to meet with we in September to brainstorm on the idea _ generate and also to give we a sense of some of the issue as he see they .
there be three possible date for the meeting , which I suggest be in two part -- first , a meeting among the panel only from 5:00 - 6:30 p.m. , and then a dinner with chairman Levitt from 6:30 - 8:30 p.m .
here be the date :
could you please let we know which of this would be possible for you :
___________ Thursday , September 14 5:00 - 8:30 pm
___________ Monday , September 25 5:00 - 8:30 pm
___________ Wednesday , September 27 5:00 - 8:30 pm
many thanks ,
Jeff Garten
good morning , Kitty -
Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - " the first ultra portable notebook design for the enterprise " .
Ken say to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .
please let I know when he can expect to receive it .
thanks , Kitty .
Rosalee
here be the link to the late commercial laptop on the market , I will follow up with the consumer model .
the M300 series be the light and the e500' be the all in one but much heavy .
http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html
<< compaq.com-notebook.url _ _ >>
- compaq.com-notebook.url _ _
unfortunately , Mr. Lay will be in San Jose , CA participate in a conference , where he be a speaker , on June 14 .
Rosalee Fleming
re : ???
June 14 reception
recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst send you a invitation to a reception which they be host on Wednesday 6/14 at 5:00 pm to be hold at the Houston Petroleum Club .
I hope that you will be able to attend that event .
under the leadership of Governor Bush and other we have make real progress in education in Texas over the past decade .?
now it be time to take the next step and achieve even great progress in we public education system .
the Texas Education Reform Caucus be make up of business leader , educator , and elect official dedicated to find common sense approach to improve education in Texas .
I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th .
Kent Grusendorf
State Representative District 94
?
this be o.k. for Ken Lay , but we be change to a more uniform address , so would likely be good to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .
this be a " test email send " of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett .
by return email , please verify that you receive this message and let we know if there be another email address that you prefer we to use .
thank you .
Joy Powell executive assistant to Richard Everett 713/871-5119
===================================================
note : the information in this email be confidential and may be legally privileged .
if you be not the intend recipient , you must not read , use or disseminate the information .
although this email and any attachment be believe to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it be receive and open , it be the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it be virus free and no responsibility be accept by Century Development or any of its affiliate for any loss or damage arise in any way from its use .
====================================================
Kenneth Lay have approve the attach expense report for Cindy Olson .
hi Mr. Katsof -
I believe someone call about this today , but Mr. Lay ask I to let you know that this date _ work for he , either .
sorry .
Rosalee
let I know if you have any interest in the Tco - Pool Leach swap for the winter .
_ take TCO pool at index and sale Leach or Pool at index - $ .04 .
I _ remember if you guy could do it or not .
could you tell I what deal ticket you be see ?
please check Tenn contract 36647 on the demand speadsheet .
Sitara _ match the spreadsheet .
thanks ,
Brenda
Pasquallie ,
- 5 for spelling ,
W. Don Germany , Jr po box 27 Cedar Lane , Texas 77415-0027
actually it be not a new truck .
have 33000 mile , Ram 2500 3 / 4 ton , 4 x 4 , 360 Magnum motor .
infinity stereo , bucket seat , nerf bar , tool box , bed liner , camper tow package , 5 speed manual .
oh , it be duel out through one catalytic converter with Flow Master to accent the sound .
make I want to race !!!
I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .
now , Debbie want it .
I give $ 16900 + tax .
it be very clean and be sandalwood , driftwood or something of that nature in color .
almost silver .
I have to pick up old gray over at _ .
Debbie say , it be go to be hard on I to sell my old dodge truck .
I say yep , have that truck long than I have have most of my woman .
I really need to engage brain before articulate !
I be do dirt work and hope to plant ST Augustine grass by Friday before rain .
one thing be for sure , the economy be not falter on my account .
Dow stock be back up over $ 33 .
hooray , hoorah !
need to go to $ 41 and then I will be happy .
I speak with Gerald and he say there be a bunch of folk hang around _ place .
we need to change the lock and place post sign at the gate .
I may want to put some steer or heifer up there .
I be go up soon and have the tractor fix .
Reggie say he will pay we soon .
he also still want the tractor if we can hold on to it .
first come , first serve .
when be the wedding ?
_ set for 11/01/01 .
be sure to take you sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon .
it be sure beautiful come up last night .
we use to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle .
I have a couple of hicky on my neck the day after and the guy all want to know if that be shuttle burn .
just jealous .
my kid be make wonderful grade and have reassure I she will graduate within the four year period .
she still have some sort of scholarship but I be not for sure how much it pay .
she be go to be a kinesiologist , sport injury therapist .
I think she just want to be able to touch football player leg .
she will be 20 on 11/03 .
I be really proud of she .
Cindy say Jaime have grow up very much .
you should email _ she sometimes .
I be sure she would like to hear from you .
jgerma5@aol.com .
at any rate , be careful and be safe .
you should have listen to maw , as long as you keep you mouth shut and you pants zipped , you will be alright .
shucks , guess none of we three pay much attention to that .
oh , Jeff Sherrar have a new book out .
rise to Rebellion .
there be some pretty cool dude back around 1774 / 76 .
there will be two volume to this saga .
I be halfway _ through the first and you can borrow it when I be through .
I sure like he style of writing .
he book be always hard to put down .
after the split Dow stock there be 120 share .
keep you powder dry !
yo ,
bro
Dow
W. Don Germany , Jr. 2301 N Brazosport Blvd B 3611 , investment recovery Freeport , Texas 77541 pager 1 800 451 0491 ( 0448 ) office 979 238 2102 home 979 548 7034
_ happen ?
I understand you have a brand new truck .
must be nice have money !!
I need 2 thing from you .
1 . I find the title to the 4 wheeler and I be go to change it over to you name .
what do you think ?
if _ ok , how do you want you name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?
2 . _ get ready to divy up the Dow stock .
how many of _ share do you have ?
last thing , send I a million dollar , _ tired of work .
I think we only have cashout , at most 3 time , before this June .
I _ remember .
I do know that most of the time this plant be not burn like it do in July and August of this year .
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .
hey guy ,
would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - December 2000 ?
be there suppose to be a cashout book in Sitara for this month ?
Oglethorpe over pay they invoice every month .
I believe that Doug tell I the extra be for the cashout that be not invoice .
thanks
Darla
I _ get through on the phone .
please call I 713-853-4743
hey Ernie .
_ check my email .
I assume you have you anwser and _ need I .
hi Chris ,
I send this to Mary last week .
she may be out because in the past she always respond pretty quick .
I need the price below .
can you help out ?
thanks ,
Ernie Simien
08/01/2001 09:14 am
send by : Ernie Simien
hi Mary ,
I need you help again .
I need price for May , June , and July .
thanks ,
mary.ellenberger@enron.com on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 pm
please respond to mary.ellenberger@enron.com
cc :
subject : re : IF TGPL LA Z1
January 9.95 February 6.25 March 4.98 April 5.37
esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 pm
hi Mary ,
please do I a favour and give I the subject price for January , February , March and April 2001 .
thanks ,
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 12:12 pm
Kay -
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?
in light of the ca regard curve , I be slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially give people unlimited access to information .
I know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this be a right they already have .
let I know what you think .
thanks ,
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000 11:32 am
attach please find the late enovate risk policy .
we attorney and internal audit area have make one language revision concern section xiii audit rights .
Mary << meh-riskoct20 _ _ >>
- meh-risk oct 20.doc
_ still at home .
_ be in tomorrow .
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .
otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and _ initial late .
which do you prefer ?
Kay
be you in the office to initial signature page today ?
if not , be there someone else that will ?
I know that Jeff be in Portland .
Gregg
Kay Mann
10/26/2000 11:07 am
if Jeff be happy , _ happy .
Kay
hello -
I speak with Jeff Hodge yesterday regard the additional language from people regard audit rights .
he initial reaction be that they request be probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly own l.l.c .
however , he do suggest a couple slight revision to protect _ interest .
1 ) highlight that information will only be provide that be related to enovate and 2 ) that each designate representative should sign a appropriate confidentiality agreement .
this language have be include in the attach draft .
my goal , however optimistic , be to execute the risk policy by the end of today .
activity be pick up dramatically and the fine line be get further blurred each pass day .
therefore , I need to know asap if there be any problem with the draft as write .
otherwise , I will be send it to people as we final revision by mid morning .
thanks for you prompt attention to this .
thanks ,
Gregg
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 12:12 pm
Kay -
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?
in light of the ca regard curve , I be slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially give people unlimited access to information .
I know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this be a right they already have .
let I know what you think .
thanks ,
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000 11:32 am
attach please find the late enovate risk policy .
we attorney and internal audit area have make one language revision concern section xiii audit rights .
Mary
<< meh-riskoct20 _ _ >>
- meh-risk oct 20.doc
it be less complicated for I to initial and fax than to track down someone who _ know anything about it and get they to initial it .
I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .
plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of have a lawyer she _ deal with initial it .
she be very conscientious about what she sign , and who initial what .
be the attach form the final final form ?
where and to whom do you want it fax ?
thanks ,
Kay
since it will be Janet sign , it will probably be good to have the initial on the page first .
either fax or someone else work fine .
let I know which be easy and we can coordinate .
Gregg
Kay Mann
10/26/2000 11:26 am
_ still at home .
_ be in tomorrow .
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .
otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and _ initial late .
which do you prefer ?
Kay
be you in the office to initial signature page today ?
if not , be there someone else that will ?
I know that Jeff be in Portland .
Gregg
Kay Mann
10/26/2000 11:07 am
if Jeff be happy , _ happy .
Kay
hello -
I speak with Jeff Hodge yesterday regard the additional language from people regard audit rights .
he initial reaction be that they request be probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly own l.l.c .
however , he do suggest a couple slight revision to protect _ interest .
1 ) highlight that information will only be provide that be related to enovate and 2 ) that each designate representative should sign a appropriate confidentiality agreement .
this language have be include in the attach draft .
my goal , however optimistic , be to execute the risk policy by the end of today .
activity be pick up dramatically and the fine line be get further blurred each pass day .
therefore , I need to know asap if there be any problem with the draft as write .
otherwise , I will be send it to people as we final revision by midmorning _ .
thanks for you prompt attention to this .
thanks ,
Gregg
Gregg Penman
10/23/2000 12:12 pm
Kay -
can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?
in light of the ca regard curve , I be slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially give people unlimited access to information .
I know that we address audit rights in the llc agreement so this may not matter anyway if this be a right they already have .
let I know what you think .
thanks ,
Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
10/20/2000 11:32 am
attach please find the late enovate risk policy .
we attorney and internal audit area have make one language revision concern section xiii audit rights .
Mary
<< meh-riskoct20 _ _ >>
- meh-risk oct 20.doc
_ work on it now .
maybe we ( Enron ) could review it tomorrow morning , then send it to FCE .
I can meet around 10:00 .
that way , we can get it to they in time for weekend review .
do that work ?
Kay
it be good to hear from you !
we have a nice Thanksgiving here too .
_ funny , because usually _ just I , mom , Craig and Danelia , and Danelia _ really like roast turkey or roast beef ( not that she would say it to I ! ) , so there be not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise .
it be good have the girl down .
we play a new version of Uno call " African Uno " that be complex , fast and at time , physically challenging .
_ not for the meek .
it be incredible what a good player Alena be .
she have she card memorize as well as everyone _ ( when you play _ see why you can know everyone _ hand ! ) .
I expect Craig _ want mom to see he place because it be messy .
I think compare to my house , _ embarrased about he apartment .
then , also , _ get so much stuff in there right now , that I _ know how _ go to fit baby stuff .
they would only give he a 6 month lease when he renew he lease last month because they _ want 3 people in that small apartment .
so _ go to have to start look for another place .
and he apartment be so run down down _ afraid roach might be crawl over the baby .
I guess mom be go to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby .
_ have to come visit to check out my new house .
the upstairs " guest suite " be pretty neat .
_ get its own bathroom and tv , and be pretty cozy .
as far as the call with uncle Ben go , if he be thrilled to hear from I I _ tell by he voice .
it be a pretty stilted conversation for both of we .
but , I guess , _ a start ...
_ already make my XMAS plan .
I leave the evening of the 21st , my flight come in about 10 pm , and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am .
_ good chat with you .
keep in touch !
kyle.jones@radianz.com
11/29/2000 05:07 pm
Tana ,
I _ understand , what do you mean by " log in a email " ?
anyway , I get you message , and I get the World Series thing ( although I have already receive
Chris and Ben do a marvelous job for Thanksgiving , I can testify that it be one of the good Thanksgiving dinner _ ever have ( I not _ tell they that , I _ want they get swell head ) .
ma say she have a great time in Houston , she be happy to see yourself , as well as C & D .
I think she like she special room in you house .
_ _ be the first to see the new baby ( _ it be weird if the baby get bear on January 5th ? )
why _ Craig show ma he apartment ?
what do you think about you phone conversation with uncle Ben ( he be almost shocked ) ?
be you come for Xmas ?
_ go for now .
love ya .
Kyle
====================================================
( Harrison ) Kyle Jones technical solution engineer
====================================================
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the America 7th floor New York , NY 10016 USA phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 email : kyle.jones@radianz.com
====================================================
see we web page at " http://www.radianz.com
====================================================
|--------+-----------------------> | | tana.jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 pm | | | | |--------+----------------------->
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| | | >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
hey , Mr. Computer , you _ log a email in to you sister ?!
kyle.jones@ra
return receipt
you World Series in question document : be receive Kyle Jones / US / AMERICAS / Equant by : at : 01:00:51 pm today
you can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off this email again .
thanks !
adnanpatel@enron _
11/29/2000 04:49 pm
attach be the gcp signoff on eol approval for 11/29/00 with gcp response mark in red .
Adnan Patel
bradleydiebner@ect _
11/29/2000 04:31 pm
regards ,
bd
attach be the reference agreement .
let I know if the notice information be ok with you .
if so , _ get it sign by Craig Breslau today , then bring it to you for countersignature .
think about that , _ you title ?
_ not sure you have the authority to sign document without special authority ...
no , it do not mean that .
add all the Enron " specify entity " would only make a default under a financial transaction with that other Enron entity a default under this agreement .
we concern be that we _ want any trading related default to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which have a swap as a component .
Richard Sage
11/30/2000 10:52 am
if you do add all the entity , do that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?
with respect to Deutsche Bank ( "" DB " ) , we have one credit issue remain , DB would like we to add all the Enron trading entity DB trade with as specify entity under the isda master agreement and we be somewhat hesitant to do so , as this could potentially roll up swap under structure loan transaction into a default under the isda agreement .
Sara and Bill Bradford in credit be suppose to talk to the DB credit people about this remain issue .
with respect to First Union National Bank , the draft we be work from be so old that they agree to look at we current form of agreement which be send to they on 11/8/00 for review .
Sara be work on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in we group .
Denis O'Connell
11/22/2000 06:05 am
Tana -
can you please give I a update on where you be in the negotiation of the isda with the follow counterparty and confirm which Enron entity you be negotiate on behalf of .
tks ,
Denis
First Union National Bank
Deutsche Bank AG
I speak to Mark Taylor about you signing authority , and he agree that you do not have the authority to execute document on you own , but as long as you be only co-sign document sign by a authorize officer as a control measure _ ok .
Susan , Joe ,
the reference tagg # be enter as a ' new counterparty ' , can you please let I know what counterparty this be so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .
thank you ,
Russell
hey there yourself ,
sorry I _ write you guy in a while to keep you properly update .
I be indeed check on flight to Seoul and _ think _ go to go at exactly the same time as my parent .
as much fun as they be , I figure we would probably do some different thing than what you have plan for they .
as for Ted , thing be still go well although I _ see he at all this week ( we be two very busy people ) .
but , we have a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage ... you know , not quite so formal about date etc .
in one sense _ great , but it also make thing a lot hard to read .
anyway , _ sure my mom tell you guy but Travis and Kathy get to meet he and I think it go well .
hopefully , if _ still date come December , you and Chuck can meet he when you come back to visit .
_ plan on drag he to at least one of the U.T. game , I just have to find out when he want to go ( as well as properly prepare he for the Scott / Kelley / Parks / Wild Card gang and the full - day affair that be a U.T. game ) .
thing in Houston be good and definitely warm .
I go with Emily and she mom last night to see the musical " Rent " and it be wonderful .
also , _ go out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit _ daughter Julie .
needless to say I be very excited .
talk to you guy soon ,
Susan
hey girlie ,
how be you do ?
_ hear from you in a while .
a little birdie tell I that you be check into ticket for Seoul .
be you really ?
would you come with you parent or separately ?
in any case , we have have some more time to do some exploring ( and shopping ) , so we have some good idea about what to do if you come .
I think that we will stay in Korea when you parent come and do the whole base thing ( which will take only a few minute , actually ) , but be consider go to China or somewhere during part of Thanksgiving .
_ do whatever you want want if you still be come !
let we know the late with Ted and also with _ go on in Houston .
take care ,
Chris
__________________________________________________
do you yahoo! ?
send instant message & get email alert with Yahoo! Messenger .
http://im.yahoo.com/
hey Tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side - kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D )
the play be very good and I think well receive .
_ forget how blow away I be by some of the song the first time I see it in NY .
the cast member really have to have incredibly powerful voice to pull off a few of the most poignant number ( I think this could be you true calling ) .
I catch the third day of _ Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I have to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .
anyway , _ sure _ mention it before but yes she be a very smart girl .
as a result of that , she have manage on several occasion over the year to detract from my enjoyment of play Trivial Pursuit or watch Jeopardy by absolutely obliterate I ( the girl actually do she senior thesis on trivia ) .
Kori tell I she see you last night at steak night and introduce herself since I fail to do so the last time we go .
I should let you know though that she be very offended this morning that you _ spell she name right in the email - I mean _ such a common spelling .
so be Darren there last night to meet she or do you just think _ make a good match ?
_ a very fun girl .
hope you day be go well and that the move to 30 go off without a hitch .
good luck with all of the " fun " meeting .
Shorty
-- due to the lack of response yesterday , _ begin to worry about you success with the road test ...
_ go to assume that you _ get around to it .
Ted Noble
08/17/2000 10:05 am
how be the play ?
I forget to tell you that I see you friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost call you but it come on at 11:30 .
smart girl .
I run into Corey last night at _ and I be think this be a girl for Darren .
anyway , lot of fun meeting today .
_ talk to you late .
maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I send early ...
I think you may be adhere to it too faithfully .
at this rate we may have to start pin note to you shirt to remind you to do thing .
however , have drive with you on several occasion I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with fly color .
keep in mind though that if you end up fail I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have establish , I have the memory of a elephant ) .
_ keep discussion of I to a minimum and just say that thing be well on 32 .
now back to _ really important ... you .
think _ like to know that the Dixie Chick be come back to Houston December 12 and will perform just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... _ all about you and you need .
Ted Noble
08/16/2000 10:56 am
aagh ...
I just find out that I need to take the TX _ exam both write and on the road .
this be a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire .
I know I need some of you organizational skill .
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get move to 30 ( I well not fail it ) .
_ life on 32 today -- well _ enough about you _ talk more about I .
there be no pleasure in have nothing to do ; the fun be in have lot to do and not do it .
- Mary Little
Bob Bowen
07/14/2000 03:58 pm
note that the no " out " version require we to pay the premium on Tuesday !
gilbergd@sullcrom.com
07/14/2000 02:18 pm
as we discuss , the follow be revise disclosure regard direct access to deal with the cost issue :
EnronOnline will assist user , upon request , in arrange for the connection of " t1 " line or other means of direct access to EnronOnline , as a alternative to internet access .
direct access connection might enable user to access EnronOnline more quickly than be currently possible through internet access .
please call if you want to discuss .
have a good weekend .
this e-mail be send by a law firm and contain information that may be privileged and confidential .
if you be not the intend recipient , please delete the e-mail and notify we immediately .
the least we can do be pass this news along .
be there anyone else we should tell ?
Ted Bockius < ted.bockius@ivita.com >
07/17/2000 02:21 pm
fyi ... it sound like Bobby be in serious condition .
thanks ,
Sharon
I think _ send we another update once _ out of emergency and into a room .?
then _ real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number .? the address be below .?
it _ sound like he can receive visitor yet .
A .
thanks for the head up .?
do you know the address to send card ??
do you know if Bobby can see visitor ??
some of the folk here would like to know .
thanks ,
Sharon
think you might like to know .
Amy Cornell Compaq CPCG marketing p : 281-518-9526 f : 281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com > >
Jann , phone this morning and ask I to pass this information to the group , concern Bobby Riggins .
Bobby be a member of a bicycle team , while cycle this weekend , he and other member of he team be injure by a truck .?
there be one death in the injure group and the other with major injury .?
Bobby be one of that with major injury .?
he be currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?
Ben Taub hospital be locate at 1504 Taub Loop , Houston , Texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?
he _ accept call , visit or flower at this time , since he be in the emergency room .?
a update will be e-mail , as soon as one be available .
keep Bobby , he team member and they family in you prayer .
Rosario Gonzales administrative assistant ESSG CCA-15 , 150301 , 153b09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >
I think _ a good idea since the provisional application be on file - Travis be the internal lawyer who have take care of the patent application so he will have good idea for where the word should be place and appropriate look and feel ( I would guess near the copyright notice and roughly equivalent size ) .
davidforster@enron _
07/17/2000 06:15 pm
Mark ,
we be think of add a patent pending message to key EnronOnline page ( like the homepage ) .
can you offer comment / concern / guideline ?
Dave
do it make sense for we to set up a meeting with you participate from Buenos Aires ?
_ not sure we have much to tell they at this stage - actually , _ sure I _ have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with I .
patrickhansen@enron _
07/17/2000 04:28 pm
Michael and myself be plane to be in Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week .
we intend to see as many people as possible regard eol implementation .
we will meet Dave Forster and he team among other .
we would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually .
please let I know about you availability and if it be possible to meet with more than one of you in one place .
thank you
fyi
davidforster@enron _
07/17/2000 02:34 pm
further background :
Argentina intend to press ahead even give the concern about tax , etc .
they wish to launch on September 1 - mean we will need to be send mailing sometime around mid-August .
Dave
Leonardo Pacheco
07/17/2000 08:50 am
Mark ,
just want to know were we stand on the eta and pa for Argentina ?
thanks for you help !
Leonardo Pacheco ext. 39938
if you need more , there be a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculate termination amount ( we hear about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy market .
I _ know where this stand officially ( I _ hear any development since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .
Mark E Haedicke
07/18/2000 08:58 am
we should include ISDA energy definition , CFTC matter re energy and a overview of power deregulation development in North America .
I might also add a few item about international development and the EEI physical power trading form .
I be think 4 slide at the most .
be that what you want ?
Mark
current plan :
day away : September 21 through October 3 ( assume you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )
9 work day
Wednesday September 20 - leave Houston around 6:00 pm
Thursday September 21 - arrv. London early a.m. , transfer to flight to Nice
- arrv. Nice around noon ?
rent car & drive to first hotel ( less than 1 hour away ) ; collapse
Friday September 22 - stay in same hotel , visit Monaco , Nice ?
Saturday September 23 - drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other coastal town , check - in mid afternoon
Sunday September 24 - St. Tropez
Monday September 25 - St. Tropez
Tuesday September 26 - drive to Nice , return car , fly to Paris
Wednesday September 27 - Paris
Thursday September 28 - Paris ( versaille or Fontainbleu - half day side trip )
Friday September 29 - Paris ( Giverny - _ garden - 3 / 4 day side trip )
Saturday September 30 - Paris
Sunday October 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - ( arrv. London late afternoon )
Monday October 2 - London ( meeting for CLH )
Tuesday October 3 - fly London to Houston ( lv. around noon , arrv. around 4:30 pm )
to make matter even more confusing , there be two Mark Taylor .
I believe the message you forward to I belong to the Mark Taylor at EI ( base in London ) .
unfortunately , I _ forward you message to he directly ( there seem to be a problem with the attachment ) .
if you still have it , can you send it to he at " Mark EI.London Taylor " ?
I will take care of it .
thanks for the reminder .
lady ,
enclose be a worksheet for Ineos Acrylic .
Ineos be a English company which have a majority of its operation in the US .
note that the credit threshold be in US $ , but the mac be designate in British pound .
please send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the cp .
please deliver a copy to I as well .
have a great weekend .
Max
<< file : ineos.xls >>
Robbi :
I leave you a voice mail on Friday .
I look at the UEComm master and have some comment -- such as we name be wrong , the cross default threshold for we should be US $ and not aud , and there be a few other question I have .
Marie
hi ,
attach be _ final comment to the master agreement .
John Suttle have ok'd _ late request with / respect to the csa .
could you please send a executable version of the contract to Fred , David , John and I tomorrow ?
if _ ok with it , _ like to execute it as soon as possible unless there be any objection .
thanks
Pat
Pat ,
please find attach the Enron master agreement .
I have insert the company detail of Uecomm as request .
I have also amend the timeframe in the credit support annex to 10 day instead of 2 day .
( clause 2 & 3 ) .
I have track all change for ease of reference .
if this amendmnet be agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .
if you have any question please do not hesitate to give I a call .
regards ,
Anthony Sill legal counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford , VIC 3067 . ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 mob. 0417 575 920
<< enron - uc master agreement - 0308.doc >>
turn up you sound a bit .
reminder :
conference call with ConEd at 1:00 today in _ office - EB 3801a .
Nick :
attach for you further handling be the draft form Deem ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V .
please note that the economic provision have be omit .
please let I know if you have any question or need anything else .
Marie x33907
Tana :
_ info on the Elliott .
Marie
congratulation !!!!!!!
_ be ask everyday if anyone have hear if the " Baby Elliott " have arrive .
glad to hear that they be all healthy and be a good size , and that mom be do well .
look forward to see picture of the little one .
I know you all be go to have so much fun with they .
hope _ be store up sleep , cause it look like you _ be get much for a while .
again , congratulation .
this three little one _ realize how lucky they be to have such a nice dad , but _ sure _ find out soon .
take care
Marie
lady and gentleman ,
this be just to let you know that Emma give birth at week 34 on Friday , 6th July , to we triplet :
Benjamin James - at 12.45 pm - 3 lb 4 oz
Toby William - 12.46 pm - 4 lb
Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lb 15 oz .
although small , they be all " fully functioning " and very well - they be in the low level of special care ( and they will probably be in there for another two to four week ) until they can feed properly and maintain they weight .
Emma be fine , too - very well !!
all the good and kind regards
Mark
oops !
attach be the fax cover page for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deem ISDA I just send you .
Marie
Rebecca :
I be attach a clean and blackline version of the propose resolution authorize the opening of brokerage account .
I have attempt to revise they to make they clear .
perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revise they as I be sure he be more familiar with the way Enron Corp. like they resolution draft than we be .
let I know if you have any question or need anything else .
Marie x33907
turn up you sound a bit .
hi , Liz :
thanks !
Marie
Marie Heard senior legal specialist
Ms. Marquez :
I be follow up regard the status of we comment to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provide to Lucy Ortiz .
please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or I with any question or comment .
we look forward to hear you comment .
Marie Heard senior legal specialist
Ms. Marquez :
attach be a original and blackline copy of you form of guaranty , which reflect we comment .
please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite , senior counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or I with any question or comment .
thank you for you assistance .
Marie Heard senior legal specialist
Tanya :
I receive this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing , Inc. for we review .
will you pass along to the appropriate person ?
thanks !
Marie
Marie -
per we conversation yesterday afternoon , attach be propose draft of the schedule and the para. 13 relative to the above .
have speak with Dennis Goldmann , I be advise that there be currently 2 guaranty in place in the sum of $ 8 m each : one by Niagara Mohawk Holding Inc for / benefit / of Enron , and one by Enron Inc. for / benefit / of Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing .
I be tell that we respective credit department want to raise the credit line to $ 10 m for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the exist guaranty accordingly .
let I know if this be you understanding , as well .
after you have have the chance to review the attach , please send I a mark - up draft and we can discuss we concern from there .
should you have any question , feel free to call I .
I can be reach at 315-460-3344 .
any credit concern can be discuss with Dennis Goldmann , who can be reach at 315-460-3349 .
I look forward to hear from you .
Patty Snyder
( see attach file : enron - schedule ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc ) ( see attach file : enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc )
- enron - schedule ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc
- enron - para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc
hi Marie
do you get a chance to find that gtc' for ena that you can forward this way ?
thanks , I know you be busy .
Tracy
Jeff :
attach be the draft schedule to the ISDA master agreement , together with paragraph 13 to the ISDA credit support annex .
I be put the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message .
let I know if you have any question or need anything else .
Marie x33907
hi everyone ,
I just get of the phone with Hai and he tell I how to make a adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidation but he also explain this be just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing be do the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustment would be make .
do this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustment on a go forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?
if this be the case I would like someone to walk I through June to see if the number do really work themselves out as there be a large swing in second order on June 29 that be not adjust for .
let I know if one of you could help I do this .
Karim .
evidently , this a problem that Stacey White have be aware of for a couple of month now .
there be a change make in the coding for the delta position and this have somehow mess up the liq value .
John
John , Karim ,
_ now look closely at the option liquidation problem .
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for put that be cause this whole issue .
_ keep you posted .
Karim - _ likely the explanation to you other question ...
_ get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully late today )
Marcelo L. Meira sr it developer Enron Network - Houston , TX ( 713 ) 345-3436
the post id I be look at for Calgary be 11608 .
I be look at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 put be in the money and the $ 75 call be also in the money .
_ all the liquidation value from the beginning of the month be a negative ( represent positive liquidation ) for the put ?
the liq value for the call be correct .
John
Karim ,
I _ want to wait till month end , _ adjust the number now and for the June 29 2nd order , _ take that value into June since it relate to July put .
hi everyone ,
I just get of the phone with Hai and he tell I how to make a adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidation but he also explain this be just to make the daily p&l #'s right , if nothing be do the month end p&l would still somehow work out because adjustment would be make .
do this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustment on a go forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?
if this be the case I would like someone to walk I through June to see if the number do really work themselves out as there be a large swing in second order on June 29 that be not adjust for .
let I know if one of you could help I do this .
Karim .
evidently , this a problem that Stacey White have be aware of for a couple of month now .
there be a change make in the coding for the delta position and this have somehow mess up the liq value .
John
John , Karim ,
_ now look closely at the option liquidation problem .
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for put that be cause this whole issue .
_ keep you posted .
Karim - _ likely the explanation to you other question ...
_ get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully late today )
Marcelo L. Meira sr it developer Enron Network - Houston , TX ( 713 ) 345-3436
the post id I be look at for Calgary be 11608 .
I be look at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 put be in the money and the $ 75 call be also in the money .
_ all the liquidation value from the beginning of the month be a negative ( represent positive liquidation ) for the put ?
the liq value for the call be correct .
John
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment , I can meet with you individually late some time
ok , now that _ get you attention - I really be offer free lunch !
I would like to informally get together with you on Wednesday , July 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm ( max ) to talk about you recruiting experience with Enron Canada .
_ gear up for we 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think you experience will help we define what work well and what can be improve in we process .
for that of you in Toronto , I apologize for not be able to schedule this over you lunch time !
however , if you can wait till 2:00 pm to eat , go ahead and grab something and expense it !
_ hook you guy in by videoconference .
_ book videoconference room # 1 .
please let I know whether or not you can attend so I can order enough food .
thanks !!
should be ok
kindly confirm you availability to attend a analyst and associate recruiting meeting schedule for Thursday , July 26th at 2:00 p.m. ( 4:00 p.m. Toronto time ) .
this meeting should not take more than one hour .
the Toronto office will be video conference in .
regards ,
Nella
_ try before Friday , as I be plan to take that day off
attach be the revise draft paper that reflect we conference call with Bob Fagan early this week .
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Friday July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any area of concern / confusion you may have .
also , would that of you who have not respond to I via email confirm you acceptance of the term upon which we four company have agree to assume cost responsibility for the tca work on this .
attach be the letter I originally send to you on May 10 in this regard .
<< file : tabors conflict letter alberta export 050901.doc >>
regards ,
Rob
Rob ,
this draft reflect the change we discuss during we call the other day .
_ also include a redline draft show change .
regards ,
Bob
<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>
<< alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>
- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 .doc >>
- alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc << file : alberta transmission access and pricing analysis_0712 redlined .doc >>
no
hi John ,
with reference to article 5 , section 5.1 ( b ) , be we go to propose a alternative plan outage to tau for next year ?
thanks ,
Mike
" Katie Kaplan " < kaplan@iepa.com >
10/27/2000 06:20 pm
please respond to kaplan
greeting :
IEP will be host a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday , December 7 , 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento .
we will be target to raise at least $ 100000 so company contribution will range from $ 10000 - $ 20000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depend on the number of respondent .
we have already receive firm commitment from 3 company .
if you be interested in attend please e-mail I as soon as possible .
a formal invitation will follow to that who respond .
we need response or direction by no late than cob on Monday , October 30 , 2000 .
please contact I with any question .
thank you ,
Katie Kaplan manager of policy IEP ( 916 ) 448-9499
congratulation .
everyone be extremely pleased that _ join .
good of luck and very much look forward to work together .
good ,
Jeff
_ believe it when I see it .
seem like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co. right up until November 1 .
thanks .
_ glad they want to follow - up with Steve ( _ be push it ) and _ get some follow - up as well base on chat I have in the afternoon on Friday with folk post-call .
_ regroup on Monday .
_ be in Portland but can call you .
good ,
Jeff
Jeremy Meier < jermeier@earthlink.net >
10/29/2000 11:48 am
Jeff :
fyi , we have a instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et al .
they indicate they could use _ help face to face at some point .
we be follow up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issue , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let I know if you have additional item .
we await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC .
let I know what schedule work for you .
also , can you confirm the correct name , email address , title for that new folk on _ call : Robbie Rossi , Michelle , Melissa Lloyd ?
thanks .
Jeremy Meier Blumenfeld & Cohen
attach for you review be draft talking point for the Cal Energy Market conference _ speak at on Thursday in SF .
all comment , suggestion , etc. be appreciate .
thanks .
yes , I would like to participate .
thanks .
thanks a million .
talk to you then .
laraleibman@enroncommunications _ _
10/31/2000 03:48 pm
_ the info for call in -- thanks !
Lara
Angie Buis
10/31/00 02:17 pm
the call - in number and instruction for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting be as follow :
everyone will dial the toll free number 1-877-331-6867 .
all the outside participant will be prompt to enter they access code , which be 600-480 .
Wayne , you access code ( room 4434 ) after dial the toll free number will be 857-771 .
I have ask for 4 outside port and should anyone else need to join in , they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance .
the duration of the call be 3.5 hour .
the call will terminate once everyone have hang up .
please let I know if any of you need additional information .
thanks .
Angie Buis EBS - Tax x-37097
attach for you review be copy of the settlement document that be file today in the Gas Industry Restructuring / Natural Gas Strategy proceeding , include the motion for approval of the comprehensive settlement that be support by thirty signatory to the comprehensive settlement , the comprehensive settlement document itself , and the various appendix to the settlement .?
because a number of the declaration and signature page be not yet available electronically , they have not be include with this note .?
hard copy of the comprehensive settlement , include all declaration and signature page , be be ship tonight via US mail to all party on the service list .?
additional print copy should be available within the next day or so and I will make they available to all of you - just let I know how many copy you need .
I would like to thank all of the party who participate in this settlement process .?
you have all devote considerable time , resource and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it show .?
we now have a settlement before the commission that include ratepayer advocate , commercial and industrial customer , electric generator , marketer , shipper , independent storage provider ,? gas supplier ,? producer , utility , aggregator , pipeline company , wholesale customer , municipality , and retail mass marketer , among other .?
while we should be proud of we accomplishment , we now must turn to the task of get we testimony ready by May 5 deadline .?
assignment have already be make and I will schedule a conference call late this week to discuss related detail .?
so much for rest on we laurel .?
once again , thank you all for a outstanding accomplishment .
<< ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69396-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69377-1.xls >> << ld2d-#69381-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69366-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69336-1.xls >> << primary rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.doc >> << ld2d-#69345-1.doc >>
- ld2d-#69366-1.doc
- ld2d-#69345-1.doc
- ld2d-#69397-1.doc
- ld2d-#69396-1.doc
- ld2d-#69377-1.xls
- ld2d-#69381-1.doc
- ld2d-#69366-1.doc
- ld2d-#69336-1.xls
- primary rights 4-12 .doc
- ld2d-#69334-1.doc
- ld2d-#69345-1.doc
Severin Borenstein
E.T. Grether professor of business administration and public policy director Haas School of Business U.C. Energy Institute University of California 2539 Channing Way Berkeley , CA 94720-1900 Berkeley , CA 94720-5180 ( p ) 510-642-3689 ( p ) 510-642-5145 ( f ) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei email : borenste@haas.berkeley.edu www : http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste
attach be a rough draft of my talking point for a panel _ be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .
have distribute to western ga team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and think you may have some , too .
topic for panel , " puc priority . "
goal be to ( politely ? ) refute Loretta _ and Carl _ continue assertion that 1 ) _ move to deregulate be base solely on ideology with no basis in fact and 2 ) the solution be to turn back the clock to command - and - control regulation .
the FERC order tomorrow be likely to alter the point somewhat .
comment be much appreciate .
good ,
Jeff
Chris :
as we discuss yesterday , Laird and I speak and we think that the presentation be good to go for Thursday .
_ need to update the number for the offer we make to S.D. last week .
you have mention that you might want to include a shape product .
you still consider it ?
let we know and we can add it , and make any other change _ like to make at this end .
my flight get into S.D. at at 8:35 on southwest .
good ,
Jeff
Sandi say _ actually happen at 10 am and _ renewable - focus .
David Forster
03/08/2000 09:45 am
fyi
dear Justin
Marly ask I to respond to you .
as you know , the suffix online be purely descriptive and now use by many company .
therefore , any trade mark registration that incorporate the word online as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent other from use the word online .
give the above , if you have adequate protection for the word ENRON ( which cover the service that you offer on - line as well as you core activity ) , _ say that another application for the word ENRON ONLINE be probably unnecessary .
however , if you use a particular logo for the on - line service , that should be register .
I hope the above be clear .
Jonathan Day
Marly ,
if you could respond to I on this request , thanks
Justin
Paul Goddard
08/03/2000 11:35
can one of you give I a quick call to discuss .
_ @ x37047 .
thanks .
I believe we be to some extent already protect with " Enron " proceed with anything , but EnronOnline ( tm ) , etc. just afford we more protection .
I assume this be akin to why _ trademark " Mc " everything ?
David Forster
08/03/2000 01:50
Paul ,
can you please give I a call to discuss trademarking ?
i.e. be we cover if we proceed a word with " Enron " ?
e.g. : EnronEAuction .
if we be cover , then be it necessary to register EnronOnline ?
thanks ,
Dave
____________________________________________________________
this message be confidential .
it may also be privileged or otherwise protect by work product immunity or other legal rule .
if you have receive it by mistake please let we know by reply and then delete it from you system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .
____________________________________________________________
per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we be move the follow country to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .
below be the list , now update to reflect this change .
jurisdiction which be be approve to trade credit derivative : Finland , Germany , Norway , Sweden , Switzerland , the U.K , and the U.S. .
jurisdiction which be not approve to trade credit derivative include : Austria , Belgium , Canada , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Gibraltar , Ireland , Italy , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Scotland , Singapore , Slovenia , Spain , and the Netherlands .
for bank incorporate in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for they to trade out of a branch locate in a approve jurisdiction ( i.e. U.S. and U.K. branch ) .
this would have to be determine on a case by case basis .
please let I know if there be any change to this list .
send by : Nella Cappelletto
yes , we should add compliance with otc derivative and / or commodity contract and qualified party requirement of the Security Act ( Alberta ) , Security Act ( British Columbia ) and Security Act ( Ontario ) .
thanks ,
Peter
with regard to we annual review of this list of law we need to comply with , do we not want to add the Canadian province new " eligible swap participant " equivalent rule ?
Molly Harris
03/08/2000 05:37 pm
please find attach _ eol response for 3/8/00 .
regards
Molly
you be the good !
why do it always have to be my deal ...?!!!
_ receive a personal invitation to a NYMEX crawfish boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Height at 3926 Feagan .
the cause of this celebration be the 10th anniversary of the nat gas future contract .
it would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend .
perhaps you can give they a personal invitation ...
we have receive the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA master execute by BC Gas , which add the Canadian security representation , so we _ have to add the rep into every confirm .
BC Gas _ sign the confirm with the rep in , and this have cause much difficulty .
I be go to count it as sign , since BC Gas have sign , but we still need it to be sign by ECC .
can you get it sign asap and back to I .
much thanks .
we have receive the execute amendment to the subscription agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc. date March 2 , 2000 .
this amendment amend the transaction fee reference in subparagraph ( c ) of the fee schedule to the subscription agreement .
copy will be distribute .
update another blue file because Susan B. , this time , have not update it to reference merger & name change !
it appear you miss some cpy on the reference list because Tom have the freeze panel button on , and you probably _ see they at first .
I _ either until I click on the down button and they pop up .
when you have a minute , _ give I a call and _ come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .
I speak to Edmund to get the scoop on what we be go to be do on the confirm for credit derivative , and he say that he current understanding be that all of the confirm will be do out of London .
I communicate that to Bob Bowen .
he also say that London be go to be hire 120 people to deal with the credit derivative business .
wow !
Carol , will you handle this or Mark ?
Tori Kuykendall
03/09/2000 03:51 pm
hi mark -
_ a gas trader on the west desk and one of my customer have some issue with we electronic trading agreement .
the company be Arco Product , and they comment be on the attach file .
could you take a look at this and give I a update .
thanks .
Torrey , as promise I have attach _ suggest revision to the Enron online trading agreement .
I look forward to work toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .
Dave
( see attach file : eta_revision0307.doc )
- eta_revision0307.doc
we have receive the execute first amendment to isda master agreement date as of December 1 , 1999 .
this amendment add the British Columbia Security Act representation to the master .
copy will be distribute .
confirmation desk : you can stop add the rep to the confirm now .
Molly Harris
03/09/2000 05:39 pm
please find attach _ eol response for 3/9/00 .
regards ,
Molly
_ the list with the missing counterparty .
Molly Harris
03/08/2000 05:37 pm
please find attach _ eol response for 3/8/00 .
regards
Molly
yeah !
probably ...
I just get a call from Dave and Frank and they tell I I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .
_ need to talk to you about this Monday .
hey guy , take Monday off !
Molly Harris
03/10/2000 04:28 pm
please note credit have no eol response for 3/10/00 .
regards
Molly
Mike Jordan
04/04/2001 09:27 am
please find attach the most recent update for Merchanting Metal .
in summary the plan system change and manual substantiation effort be behind schedule .
additional resource be be allocate and the situation be be closely monitor ( both for quarter end signoff and ongoing _ operation ) .
please contact I if you require any additional information
Mike
Mike Jordan
03/04/2001 16:29
the intention of the effort and action document in my early update ( see attach email ) be to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward mtm debtor and creditor balance obsf transactional value and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account
despite the good effort of it , continue problem with the as400 application , a good understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation report , and concern over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry be such that I be currently not confident of deliver sufficient accurate information to aa to satisfy they audit requirement - which at a macro level be the transparent audit trail between stock and forward position to full accounting value .
consequently I need to inform you of , and / or require you approval for , the follow :
I will discuss with aa the follow
that obsf value within the extend trial balance may be misstate due to data issue ( above and beyond exist conversation with aa on model simplification )
that there be reconciling difference between trader position analysis , as400 on screen enquiry and the formal global position report ( this difference be at present not understand but would need to be provide to aa within the audit timetable )
a outline of the internal balance sheet review process describe in my early note which must now be reprioritise and rescop ( see mo work )
the creation of a incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal good award ) for key Metal staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hour to meet the above state objective
the signoff for additional permanent ' Enron ' headcount who will ' duplicate ' certain key position control process ultimately replace some exist Traffic staff
a reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exist between the report dpr and the final accounting p&l as generate on the as400 .
we will continue to investigate potential misstatement in the system p&l , as a result of data or system valuation problem , within the month end reporting timeframe .
however , this difference may need to be adjust for follow a final review and signoff of system p&l value with trader .
the recall of all obsf stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduce where economically viable ) until position be fully reconcile and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigate .
Middle Office work be prioritise be as follow
the stock circularisation initiate for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of return to current system data by traffic / co-ordination a audit of the stock and forward valuation report for the 30th ( replace plan 23rd review due to system issue ) , require full download of contract detail for late reference
reconciliation of stock movement between 23rd and 30th sample test of vanilla forward transaction
detailed position analysis of all obsf contract that must be reconcile to Barclays documentation
spreadsheet recalculation of obsf option premium utilise the above manually create position analysis
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to we cut off and substantiation analysis
the debtor / creditor partial circularisation initiate for close of business 23rd
I will be in touch directly re the item need approval
regards
Mike
Mike Jordan
21/03/2001 18:20
several related issue have result in a increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metal business .
complexity surround the operation of the off balance sheet facility ( " obsf " ) which commence two week before the year end .
the uncertainty generate by the revocation of _ signoff for the facility late in the year end audit .
the discovery of a number of ' bug ' within the as400 Merchanting code , arise from the release of obsf design functionality , which compound the operational burden of support the obsf .
the requirement to amend the operational process and obsf it code as a result of the current renegotiation of the obsf with Barclays ( and aa ) .
the senior it developer for Merchanting have resign and be send on gardening leave .
the corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issue .
various mitigating action have be and will be take to provide focus , gain comfort over control level and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the q1 dpr and business balance sheet .
the implementation for sap for the Merchanting business have be delay and effectively decouple from the high risk ( high benefit ) brokerage implementation - benefit be to provide sole focus on obsf for it Merchanting developer .
the ar / ap sap data quality review for both business be continue so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end q1 .
Middle Office have instigate a new daily working capital report process track cash settlement / funding data to working capital component for all Metal business .
a enhance position signoff process will be implement prior to end q1 cover gross tonnage , spread position and summarise analysis for brand and location .
the necessary report functionality should be available within the as400 , however contingency have be initiate to build tactical VBA / excel report outside of the as400 but use as400 data download .
user request for additional as400 functionality and report have be aggressively prioritise and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of q1 follow the delivery of three report determine as minimum requirement for the support of obsf .
a resubstantiation of the full q1 dpr will be complete by the risk control staff reconcile the full trial balance between q1 open and q1 close
a full internal balance sheet review will be complete within the q1 audit timetable which incorporate
a full circularisation of inventory balance , and matching to source documentation within Enron
inspection of certain of the above inventory balance , by third party inspector , where there be a expectation that circularisation reply will not be receive on a timely basis
substantive check back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced position report ( spot check the key position report sign off by the trader )
full reconciliation and recalculation of obsf option premium value
full reconciliation of contract within the obsf to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiate existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to as400 Barclays account
a risk base debtor review - match to source documentation , where applicable , and any subsequent post quarter end cash movement
a full substantiation of creditor to internal ( contract commitment ) or external documentation ( invoice / request for payment )
a full reconciliation of intercompany account
a full substantive reconciliation of cash and funding account
I intend to provide weekly update on the status of the above action during April
if you have any question please call I on x34703
regards
Mike
Dr. Harris :
I would like to thank you for personally take the time to closely review my application .
though I be disappointed with the result I be still determined to attend the TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year .
I understand how competitive the process have become , but I feel that with my work experience , recommendation , personality , extracurricular activity , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .
after talk with Professor Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I be sure that the school be the right place to get the education I be look for .
I be still certain that the school be the good place for get a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I be go to do whatever it take to get in next year .
I plan on take two or three graduate level finance course at the University of Houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admission committee that I can compete at the graduate level .
I also plan on retake the GMAT test .
due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I be determined to prove to the committee that I can be successful at the TEXAS Graduate School of Business .
I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you .
if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let I know .
take care and hope to hear from you soon .
sincerely ,
Ben Rogers
Professor Ronn :
I would like to thank you for take the time to recommend I to the mba program .
in the end , the result be not favorable .
I understand that it be a competitive process , but I feel that with my work experience , recommendation , extracurricular activity , etc. , that this would help my chance and possibly compensate for my disability .
after talk with you and Professor Titman , Brown and Jemison , I be sure that UT be the right place to continue learn about energy - finance .
I be still sure that UT be the place for get a excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I be go to do whatever it take to get in next year .
I plan on take two or three graduate level finance course at the University of Houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admission office that I can compete at this level .
I also plan on try to retake the GMAT test .
due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I be determined to prove to the admission commitee that I can excel with the work at the Texas University Graduate School of Business .
thanks again for take the time to listen and talk with I .
it have be a pleasure meet you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .
also , if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let I know .
take care and hope to hear from you soon .
sincerely ,
Ben Rogers
Professor Titman :
I would like to thank you for take the time to recommend I to the mba program .
in the end , the result be not favorable .
I understand that it be a competitive process , but I feel that with my work experience , recommendation , extracurricular activity , etc. , that this would help my chance and possibly compensate my disability .
after talk with you and Professor Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I be sure that UT be the right place to continue learn about energy - finance .
I be still sure that UT be the place for get a excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I be go to do whatever _ it take to get in next year .
I plan on take a couple of graduate level finance course at the University of Houston this summer and fall to demonstrate to the admission office that I can compete at this level .
I also plan on try to retake the gmat test .
due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I be determined to prove to the admission committment that I can do the work at the Texas University Graduate School of Business .
also , I would like to continue we dialague regard create a energy - finance private equity fund at UT .
I know that with my industry - wide and investment banking contact that I can help raise capital for the fund .
I be very interested in energy - finance and think that you idea be a very good .
thanks again for take the time to listen and talk with I .
it have be a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .
also , if you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let I know .
take care and hope to hear from you soon .
sincerely ,
Ben Rogers
let I know if you have any question .
thanks
Ben
sorry about that , I be work on the Teco O&M cost .
thanks
Ben
please send I a excel spreadsheet which depict the value that you see associate with the heat rate spread option .
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose value the transaction and how this value would be book .
as such , please provide the follow detail :
will we be value / book a series of monthly call option or a series of daily call option ?
what power curve be we value the deal against - PJM East or West Hub ?
please send I the current fuel curve that you be convert to $ / mwh to value the deal ?
what volatility be you use to value the option - monthly volatility or intra-day volatility or a blend of the two ( if blend please show I what formula you use to blend the two vol ) ?
what expiration date be you use , i.e. : for monthly call option the 15th of the relevant month , and for daily option ?
what correlation be you assume , 15 % flat for twenty year ?
be you deduct all operating expense from the value of the option ?
be you use the " sprdopt " exotic option function to value the option ?
be you use the $ / mwh vom dollar amount as you strike ?
have Don provide the fix payment stream ?
this stream should be cover both p&i and not just principal .
Yvan , and Ben , please provide answer to this question via write correspondence so that there be limited probability of misunderstanding .
thank you both very much for you time and help thus far .
furthermore , I would like to reiterate that _ goal , prior to quote any credit reserve , be to be 100 % confident that : ( i ) the methodology that be be employ be consistent among the internal group ; and ( ii ) the inherent value of the price risk management contract match .
this enable rac to manage the associate risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately .
regards ,
Christopher
Randy , this be the issue I leave you the voice mail on .
article 6 of the Gallup Compression Service agreement ( which I be send to you separately ) with ECS obligate ECS to " work in good faith with CDEC " to establish a automated system that would automatically have alert we to peak loading condition on _ system .
we have a pretty good idea when we sign the contract that ECS would not be able to complete that by the contract start date , so we negotiate a fall back plan under which ECS be obligate to " assist [ Transwestern ] in develop a manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep [ Transwestern ] whole for all cost and expense " associate with the manual system .
we will fight with they about who owe the $ 200 k that James mention below base on they failure to " assist " we in manage the cost .
in the mean time , we need to make sure that we be do everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future cost .
do we have someone who be watch this out there ?
we be run so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibility to manage this situation as we expect , but let I know what we can do .
James have hear that one hold up be the absence of a confidentiality agreement -- I guess between ECS and Transwestern -- that would permit ECS to communicate to we the detail on how to access the key info. from CDEC .
that sound like a bs excuse from ECS , but if _ what they be say , let I know and we can figure out a solution .
thanks .
DF
James Centilli
12/14/2000 02:49 pm
would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression Service Contract in respect to the load control management .
my understanding be that ECS be to provide a means to access _ online profile in order for we to make a decision to avoid run the compressor during _ peak load period .
we have not receive access to this information which have result so far in additional electric cost of $ 200987.33 for the period of July through September .
additional cost will be incur for the remainder of this year , that I have not be able to review yet .
this cost be average $ 79000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September .
good point , but _ comfortable _ cover because we bidder be all bid on a chunk of capacity and primary point .
they be deem to be on notice that they have alternate point rights ( _ in the tariff ) and if they want to submit a bid that have a different rate for primary and alternate , they could have do so .
none of they do , and most importantly , the win bidder do not .
we letter agreement simply memorialize that we will charge the same negotiate rate whether the gas flow on primary or alternate .
I assume from you message you be ok with this and they can get it nail down ?
DF
I just get do look at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically say that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiate rate have be agree to .
my concern with add the language below be , could it be argue that not everyone know the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just state Topack and Needle and if they know they might have bid a different rate ??
Susan Scott
01/11/2001 02:42 pm
after discussion with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be add to the attach Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiate rate agreement _ do .
if there be any objection you need to get back to I asap .
pls print .
df
in discussion with Dave , we think it would be good to put this together in a format of question and answer .
however , as you will see , the question I think of get kinda long - but I think we need answer for all of they .
one thought be to have just the agenda as a couple topic and then lead in with the first two question as _ list .
please provide I you thought asap .
MK
whassup ?
here it be .
thanks .
DF
here be the attachment ...
attach be my draft of a request for rehearing .
it incorporate Mr. _ and Mr. _ initial comment .
please review it and let I know if you have any comment on or before Tuesday afternoon ( I will be out of the office Monday ) .
thank you !
ok .
DF
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 10:34 am
please approve _ attach expense report and forward to accounting with a cc : to I .
thanks !
forget to cc you .
df
Drew Fossum
01/12/2001 04:37 pm
ok .
DF
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 10:34 am
please approve _ attach expense report and forward to accounting with a cc : to I .
thanks !
Lou , do we have any sort of policy on request like this ?
Lee Huber make the same request last year and we give she the chair ( she only want one , however ) .
Norma , any thought ?
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 01:14 pm
Susan Scott would like authorization to order a Aeron chair for each of she office - on 47 and 41 .
this particular chair be design to help with back problem , which she have .
many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they be so popular .
the cost be $ 567.77 per chair plus tax .
please approve the purchase of two .
thanks !
sorry , I leave lou off of the message .
Drew Fossum
01/13/2001 09:45 am
Lou , do we have any sort of policy on request like this ?
Lee Huber make the same request last year and we give she the chair ( she only want one , however ) .
Norma , any thought ?
DENISE LAGESSE
01/12/2001 01:14 pm
Susan Scott would like authorization to order a Aeron chair for each of she office - on 47 and 41 .
this particular chair be design to help with back problem , which she have .
many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they be so popular .
the cost be $ 567.77 per chair plus tax .
please approve the purchase of two .
thanks !
I believe you get a copy of the John Sommer letter to producer date January 6 that _ spy intercept .
she forward the Sommer letter to Stan and discuss it with he .
Dari and I vent we aggravation by draft the attach letter to Gibson and Kyle complain of _ duplicity , but after temper cool , MKM and I decide not to send it to Stan or urge he to send a write response .
as it stand , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinate communication to the producer .
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time _ on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as a example of how not to handle this situation .
yea -- it be outstanding news !
what a hoss .
_ catch you this time but 14721 keep I posted on you next trip .
DF
Evan --
who be responsible for complete all paperwork for enter a new market ?
be it someone on you team or someone from cec ?
there have be some issue with get everything coordinate lately and I want to make sure that we know who be on point .
Jim
be I schedule to attend ?
Jim
the next meeting of the CAEM board of director will be hold on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .
the meeting be be hold in conjunction with the third meeting of we DISCO of the Future Forum .
( please visit we newly update website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum . )
follow the board meeting on Wednesday , you be invite to join with member of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , include a guest speaker .
board member be also invite to join in the substantive session of the DISCO Forum on Thursday , September 13 .
because of a international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as we meeting , the Grand Hyatt unfortunately be already book .
however , we have reserve a block of room at the nearby Wyndham Hotel .
to reserve one of this room , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you be part of the CAEM group .
if you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel , please do so quickly as there be limited availability in all surround hotel .
we will be make the Wyndham room available to member of the DISCO Forum on July 20 .
if you have any question or require any assistance at all , please contact Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710 .
we be look forward to see you on September 12 .
hotel information :
Grand Hyatt Hotel 1000 H Street NW Washington DC 20001 phone : 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 fax : 202.637.4781 website : http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html
Wyndham Washington DC 1400 M Street NW Washington , DC 20005 phone : 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 fax : 202.785.0786 website : http://www.wyndham.com/washington_dc/default.cfm
correct .
be this correct ?
if so , I will handle it .
thanks Jim .
lorasullivan@enron _
07/19/2001 03:31 pm
dear Linda ,
we be receive invoice from Ace Federal Reporter for transcript of the recent FERC settlement conference .
Linda Robertson say they should be charge to Jim _ cost center , etc .
do you want I to send the invoice to you ?
let I know .
many thanks .
Lora
Lora Sullivan federal government affair representative Enron 1775 Eye Street , NW suite 800 Washington , DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com
< embed picture ( device independent bitmap ) >
_ in all week .
Jim
can we visit about what go on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up ?
BRADLEY JR , ROBERT L ,
a revise version of the evaluation form for associate and analyst be attach below .
please disregard and destroy the form you receive on July 2 , as well as any blank form retrieve from the pep system prior to that date .
please use the attach for associate and analyst evaluation .
all evaluation for associate and analyst must be complete use this form .
- BRENNER , URSULA j.doc << file : BRENNER , URSULA j.doc >>
Jean & Thane --
can we have a meeting this week ( maybe Thursday at 3:30 ) to discuss this ?
Jim
we do need a formal plan .
we have be work closely together to identify the issue as they develop and propose solution .
Doug have be provide we with the necessary specific market information .
we have be successful in communicate that information to the new commissioner and Ercot and seek resolution .
the commission be definitely more responsive to market participant that be articulate the issue , provide specific example and propose the solution .
grand - standing be ignore .
that who show up with complaint but _ point to specifics be virtually ignore .
that who show up and complain , but be not participate in the work group and the daily Ercot phone call , board meeting , etc. be ignore .
Doug and I meet with the chairman of PUCT and have have subsequent conversation .
Thane and I also visit with he .
Pat Wood make a phone call to Tom Noel and tell he to get the Texas market fix .
( even though he have big thing to do in D.C. , this be he legacy and he recognize that if deregulation do not work in Texas , the repercussion could be global . )
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens ( of the Texas legislature ) be also engage in market development .
we have be work with the state affair legislative committee and keep they apprise .
there be a electric restructuring committee hearing schedule for September 6th or 7th .
the forum be expect to be invite testimony only .
that currently list as invitee be PUCT commissioner and _ Sam Jones and Tom Noel .
the hearing be focus on the pilot and we have a opportunity to provide some probing question for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom .
now that Sibley be not a candidate for Lt. Governor , there be more freedom to open up and ask some difficult question .
Thane be in Austin on Friday , but be available by phone .
I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m .
can we find another time that work for we to meet ?
Thane be in a Ercot prs meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .
I be available after _ Friday budget meeting ... be you available then ?
you be right , we do need a formal plan , Thane have start a initial draft .
thanks , Jean
Jean & Thane --
walk out last night , Kevin Presto indicate that there be game be play in ERCOT with the new market rule and price in certain market be not reflective of work market .
Enron need to use this situation to quickly get we viewpoint up into the PUCT and ERCOT iso on what be drive this problem and we propose fix .
if ERCOT go the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rule - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood .
as important , the new PUCT commissioner need some help right now in message the market .
_ get they to support constructive solution that will make a real difference .
Jean and Thane , I think that we need a formal plan on what to do over the next 3 - 6 month to leverage this situation .
I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am .
I be free at 8 am on Friday before _ budget meeting .
Jim
fyi .
you may want to discuss with Becky .
Jim
as a outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I have with Scott and Hunter a couple of week ago , we have begin work to develop a electronic tool that would allow we to provide ongoing summary of ferc gas activity , and possibly electric activity , in a format that can be link to the Fundamental intranet site use by the trader .
we envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for that who would like more detailed information .
this would replace the paper copy you and you people be currently get .
many detail remain to be work out , but we will keep you advise .
in the meantime , could you please provide a contact on you side with whom we could discuss technical issue ?
what do I need to do ?
Jim
vincejkaminski@ect _ _
04/30/2001 02:28 pm
I be forward for you attention the resume of Peter Percell who have a extensive experience in model physical flow of natural gas in pipeline system .
Peter be look currently for a job .
I meet he last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston .
the application of recent development in optimization theory and numerical method can help Enron to improve further efficiency of we pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .
please , let I know if you interested in introduce Peter to executive in you organization .
I shall be glad to make arrangement for a interview .
Vince Kaminski
Peter Percell < percell@swbell.net > on 04/30/2001 11:16:58 am
I enjoy you presentation , and meet you briefly afterwards , at the SIAM workshop last Friday .
I have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software product , mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry .
I be look for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skill .
get out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus .
please consider whether I might fit in you group .
you answer to a question indicate that I have several of the skill you look for .
also , please let I know , by email , the name and contact information of other manager within Enron who might benefit from have someone with my qualification in they group .
attach be my resume and a addendum cover academic & consulting experience .
publication be available on request .
I will call you in a couple of day to follow up on this email .
thank you for you time .
Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell@swbell.net Houston , TX 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax
- percell, peter resume only.doc
- percell, peter a & c exp.doc
sorry I guess I _ read it very well .
_ ok with I .
ok .
contact Cindy Stark to make a appointment .
nasimh _ khan@transredes
04/30/2001 12:42 pm
Stan :
I will be complete my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year .
I be talk to a number of people regard opportunity for a new assignment back in Houston office .
think since I will be in Houston , stop by you office for few minute .
NK
stanleyhorton@enron _
04/30/2001 12:35 pm
what be the subject matter you wish to visit about ?
nasimhkhan@transredes _ _
04/30/2001 09:24 am
Stan :
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible .
please let I know what time would work for you .
regards ,
Nasim Khan
I figure this posting belong to one of you .
please see the message from Danny Jones .
danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm
dear Mr. Horton ,
I have recently be make aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that have become available in you department .
I be currently employ with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goal in the technology feild .
I be ask respectfully if you could give I a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .
anything you could do to help further my goal would be appreciate .
respectfully ,
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
I have contact the relevant people of you interest in the job .
danny_jones%enron@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 pm
dear Mr. Horton ,
I have recently be make aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that have become available in you department .
I be currently employ with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goal in the technology feild .
I be ask respectfully if you could give I a recommendation or referral to ets technology department .
anything you could do to help further my goal would be appreciate .
respectfully ,
Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net
this be ok by I .
Rick look like a good candidate .
kenrice@enroncommunications _ _
05/01/2001 03:48 pm
executive committee :
we would like to pursue a offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next executive committee meeting on May 7 , 2001 .
please forward you comment or question as soon as possible .
you will find attach the recommendation letter and he resume .
regards ,
Ken Rice & Kevin Hannon
this be to advise you that we have available , for you business or personal use , _ four ( 4 ) WNBA Comet ticket .
this seat be in section 104 , row d , seat 1 - 4 .
they schedule be list below .
please let I know if you be interested in any of this game .
they will be distribute on a business basis first , then personal use .
preseason game a : Saturday , May 12 @ 7:30 pm vs. Miami SOL
preseason game b : Thursday , May 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. Detroit SHOCK
game 1 : Monday , May 28 @ 2:00 pm vs. Los Angeles SPARKS
game 3 : Monday , June 11 @ 7:00 pm vs. Los Angeles SPARKS
game 4 : Thursday , June 14 @ 7:30 pm vs. Portland FIRE
game 5 : Sunday , June 17 @ 1:00 pm vs. Utah STARZZ
game 6 : Tuesday , June 19 @ 7:30 pm vs. Washington MYSTICS
game 7 : Saturday , June 23 @ 3:00 pm vs. Sacramento MONARCHS
game 8 : Monday , July 2 @ 7:30 pm vs. Portland FIRE
game 9 : Friday , July 6 @ 7:30 pm vs. Indiana FEVER
game 10 : Sunday , July 8 @ 1:00 pm vs. Cleveland ROCKERS
game 11 : Tuesday , July 24 @ 7:30 pm vs. Utah STARZZ
game 12 : Saturday , July 28 @ 12:30 pm vs. New York LIBERTY
game 13 : Monday , July 30 @ 7:30 pm vs. Seattle STORM
game 14 : Friday , August 3 @ 7:30 pm vs. Orlando MIRACLE
game 15 : Monday , August 6 @ 7:00 pm vs. Phoenix MERCURY
game 16 : Monday , August 13 @ 7:30 pm vs. Minnesota LYNX
please note that date and time be subject to change ; please check local listing .
thanks ,
Cindy 713/853-6197
mail they to the house be fine .
it will give we some weekend reading !
thanks .
stephen.dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 pm
almost done with you draft .
take I a little long to review and revise _ first draft than I have think ( _ a lot go on here , as _ see soon ) .
I expect to send they out to you sometime tomorrow .
since Debbie be a client too , I think _ just mail they to you home unless you prefer otherwise .
SD
good news .
congratulation and good luck .
hello , Bill !
Stan will attend in person .
Cindy
billydorsey@enron_development _
05/02/2001 12:03 pm
executive committee weekly meeting
date : Monday , May 7th
time : 11:00 a.m. ( CDT )
location : 50th floor boardroom
video : connection will be establish with remote location upon request .
conf call : AT&T line have be reserve .
please contact Sherri Sera ( 713/853-5984 ) or Bill Dorsey ( 713/646-6505 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode .
please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium .
yes , I will attend in person _______
by video conference from _______
by conference call _______
no , I will not attend _______
***
please return this e-mail to I with you response by 12:00 p.m. , Friday , May 4th
thank you ,
Bill Dorsey .
thank you for the invitation .
unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committment .
Tana ,
please review the process below :
with division , EOL do request a new password application for the applicant reflect the name as you note below .
when the company be set up in the EOL database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id .
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provide the link to establish correlation between the parent and child for we downstream system .
let I know if this be the appropriate step that you would like to see .
thanks ,
Stephanie
Sam & Stephanie ,
re : Cargill Ferrous International
it be my understanding with the EOL team that all division would have the legal incorporate entity as part of the name .
Stephanie , I my preference be to kick they password application back and get they to change it to read something like " Cargill Ferrous International , a division of Cargill , Inc. " or " Cargill , Inc. act through its Cargill Ferrous International division " .
Samuel Schott
03/21/2001 01:58 pm
any gcp adjustment will be highlight in red .
attn. GCP_London :
_ a new EOL counterparty list in the UK .
please respond .
good rgd .
Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
please see attach .
Harry -
be you the right lawyer to look at this ?
Robert B Cass
04/16/2001 04:52 pm
please approve the follow product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m .
see the step for approval below .
US steel hot roll plate phy
website short description of product type : US hr stl plt phy
product type :
reference period :
the term of the transaction shall be from the effective date ( or start date ) to the termination date ( or end date ) .
the effective date ( or start date ) be 01 October 2001 .
the termination date ( or end date ) be 31 October 2001 .
product additional information ( example ) :
the transaction be for hot roll steel with a thickness of 1 " and a width of 72 inch .
the transaction be F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago , Ill metro area .
F.O.B. refer to the follow term : seller be responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and include delivery in warehouse , buyer be responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .
the contract quantity shall be quantity submit by counterparty via EnronOnline ( 5 % great or less allowance at _ option ) .
each calendar month during the term of the transaction will be a dispatch period .
Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each schedule dispatch period and accept supply to the 15th of each schedule dispatch period .
payment shall be make , against the receipt of the require document outline in the general term and condition , in the contractual currency by telegraphic transfer no late than 30 calendar day after the date on which the commodity be release to buyer .
currency :
the price be quote in US dollar per unit of volume , which will be the contractual currency .
unit of measure :
the unit of measure against which the price be quote shall be net ton ( 2000 lb ) and the quantity show shall be in net ton per month .
step for approval :
click the start button
select program
select test application
select ENRONONLINE cluster ( prod )
proceed with usual login / password
click the Enron Online production cluster " start " button
select EnronOnLine ( this be the EOL datamanager )
proceed with EOL login / password
click on the " + " for EnronOnLine
click on the " + " for product type
click on the " + " for " await approval " ( or " partially approve " )
select the product require review as state in e-mail above
right " mouse " click on " property " to view product set - up
to approve : right mouse click on " approved "
thanks Bill - appreciate you help !
Bill D Hare
04/16/2001 05:51 pm
we inform Tana that we make the change in global counterparty to include , " a division of Cargill Incorporated " .
we will meet in the near future to discuss the issue surround division and trade name setup in global counterparty .
Bill
Bill -
if _ description below of the gcp procedure be correct , it look to I like something need to be change .
the difficulty lie in the fact that the confirmation system read the _ name from global counterparty .
since division of company be not legal entity they do not have the power to contract in they own name .
if the correct legal name be not in global counterparty , the confirmation go out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromise the contract itself .
that be the source of _ concern regard the correct entering of division in the system .
my suggestion be that global counterparty use the same name that the customer have sign on the EnronOnline password application -- my understanding be that the EnronOnline team return inappropriate application to the customer until they be correctly complete .
in this particular case since the counterparty be still not allow to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after send in they application they be understandably upset and be now complain .
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fix today and , if you have any problem with change the gcp procedure , please let I know .
Mark
Tana Jones
04/16/2001 03:11 pm
Samuel Schott
03/28/2001 01:09 pm
fyi ...
Cargill Ferrous International be set up correctly in the global counterparty system as a division of Cargill , Inc .
Cargill Ferrous International be the full name of this division and set up as such in gcp with a sub - to - legal link to Cargill , Inc. per gcp procedure .
also , the global sap team ( Cheryl Johnson ) would need legal name change documentation from the counterparty in order to change this name .
good rgd .
Samuel x3-9890 ( gcp ) Enron Net Works _ global data management
any update on add the correct legal name to this counterparty name ?
hello ,
yes , gcp provide the link to establish the correlation between the parent and child for we downstream system .
gcp procedure be to create counterparty name that reflect either the tradename / division name or parent name -- not both simultaneously .
( although , we have break that rule for legal in the past . )
this defeat the purpose of use a tradename .
good rgd .
Samuel
Tana ,
please review the process below :
with division , EOL do request a new password application for the applicant reflect the name as you note below .
when the company be set up in the EOL database we link the company to the parent and reference the cp id .
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provide the link to establish correlation between the parent and child for we downstream system .
let I know if this be the appropriate step that you would like to see .
thanks ,
Stephanie
Sam & Stephanie ,
re : Cargill Ferrous International
it be my understanding with the EOL team that all division would have the legal incorporate entity as part of the name .
Stephanie , I my preference be to kick they password application back and get they to change it to read something like " Cargill Ferrous International , a division of Cargill , Inc. " or " Cargill , Inc. act through its Cargill Ferrous International division " .
Samuel Schott
03/21/2001 01:58 pm
any gcp adjustment will be highlight in red .
attn. GCP_London :
_ a new EOL counterparty list in the UK .
please respond .
good rgd .
Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP
please see attach .
Doc -
_ be in town through Sunday morning .
any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve. ?
Mark
_ handle the afternoon -- I think that Harry have this morning .
MHC
can you cover for I today ?
I be in mediation .
I leave a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it be handle .
my schedule show a afternoon session .
do we have 2 session today ?
if so , you may want to split and cover .
thanks a ton .
I will take you next one in August .
thanks ,
Kriste
Kriste K. Sullivan Enron Corp. - legal EB 4861 ( 713 ) 853-7557 phone ( 713 ) 646-5847 fax
I get this .
I assume this be 12:30 Central Time ?
when : Wednesday , September 19 , 2001 10:30 am - 11:30 am ( GMT - 08:00 ) Pacific Time ( US & Canada ) ; Tijuana .
where : conf. call
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
10:30 - 11:30 PST
call - in # : 800/711-8000
passcode : 4153030
here be the overview of Bob _ employment agreement .
what do you think ?
MHC
Michelle , please comment .
please send I a email response about whether you and Michelle Cash be ok with what _ write .
after that , what do we do ?
Brad
after a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intention in respect to Dealbench .
please see attach Word file
good regards
Tobias Munk
please see the attach .
Teresa
please send David Lund copy of we standard corporate service agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .
Michelle
_ format one this week , and _ send it when _ done .
Michelle
thanks very much .
do you also have a ssd we can use ?
Jane
<< file : 220b - dg - agreement for recruiting services.doc >> << file : 220a dg - agreement for contract services.doc >>
here be the sample agreement .
please let we know if you need anything else .
thanks .
Diane Goode senior specialist
I agree also , but I _ know all the party or complication involved .
should there be a ( groan ) meeting on this ?
can you please help with this one ?
I agree with what the concern be below .
we have gis id , and eid ( external id - just like gis id ) .
I think we should try to migrate to one of this .
please let I know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .
thanks .
Kathy ,
per my voicemail message , please review the note below .
_ like to work with you on a response to this customer .
thanks ,
Brandee
Brandee Sanborn i.s.c. customer care design & process support http://isc.enron.com/site
<< ole object : picture ( device independent bitmap ) >>
ngoc luan do@enron_development
08/07/2001 12:36 pm
to whom it may concern :
through tv and newspaper , I hear constantly about identity fraud use steal social security information .
I be very concerned about this issue .
I have the follow suggestion for we company .
since _ employee be assign a sap identification number ( p number ) and a hr number , could Enron as a company use this id instead of the ss number ?
this will be safe for all employee .
for example , I be concerned when I buy the monthly bus pass and I have to fill in my ss number .
I do not feel secure at all to see my ss in so many database at Enron , especially when some database be from third - party ( out - sourcing ) .
we could use we badge number there instead of we ss .
please let I know how you organization can help the Enron employee feel safe about the safeguard of they ss number .
please calendar and print for my file on this meeting .
thanks .
MHC
all ,
a reminder that the hr associate point meeting will take place as below :
Thursday , 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( EB 46c1 ) .
the lead who be responsible for associate be as follow :
Sunjay Arya
Gary Buck
Khymberly Booth
Ryan Seleznov
Mecole Brown
Tim O'Rourke
Tana Cashion
Sheila Walton
Wendy Fincher
Sheila Knudsen
Karen Phillips
Neil Davies
Noel Ryan
Cindy Skinner
Simone Scott Walker
Shanna Funkhouser
peer review be currently be gather on the above .
upon receipt , I shall forward to each of you a copy of the review for you respective associate .
in addition they will be contact you to discuss they participation in project outside they rotation .
that who be not assign a associate may also allocate point ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting base on contribution to you area for the first review period .
if anyone have any question on the above please let I know .
kind regards ,
Karen . x54667
Shanna , I speak with Per tonight about this .
_ talk tomorrow .
thanks .
Michelle
this be the background to my conversation with Shanna .
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .
thanks for follow up on this .
Per
Per -
I do not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher .
could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow ?
John , Per and I discuss the hostile environment issue and we be both concerned that we may have some repercussion .
I be vacation until the 22nd but Per be up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with he and any hr / legal activity that may occur .
thank you
Paula
_ discuss exactly what be involve here -- confidentiality , etc .
thanks .
MHC
hi y'all ,
I want to let you know about this before I respond to she request .
let I know if you have any question .
regards ,
Sandra
Kathy McMahon suggest that I contact you in a effort to gather information on : _ affirmative action policy and plan ; as well as demographic analysis of workforce ( gender , age , ethnic origin , nationality )
Jeff Skilling have agree to work with Harvard Business School ( HBS ) on a 5 - year case study call ' modern Giant ' .
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other company over the next five year to assess how we react to market change and to see how we morph during this time period .
please let I know at you early convience if you can help I .
regards ,
Cindy
please print all this for I .
thanks .
MHC
Ryan ,
try this .
bob k
fyi re : NEPCO picketing issue .
Michelle
Michelle ,
two in one day .
we understand that the pipe fitter be also plan to picket the Lake Worth , Florida project as well .
we execution team need to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work .
in that respect , we need to dial in Rick Johnson and Olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution team .
I think the first step be a call between yourself , I , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .
and then another call with all folk or a meeting at the jobsite to lay out the plan .
Barbara , please organize a call for Mike , Michelle , Mark Stubley and I .
thanks .
David ,
I have be advise by we construction manager , Mr. Joe Osler that while he be visit the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regard we permit status he learn that the pipefitter have inquire about permit requirement to picket we site .
apparently the city inform they that no permit be require .
I have hear that the pipefitter have establish a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .
we will need local legal counsel to assist we in this regard .
Mike Indivero , I understand that Mr. Mike _ release date from NEPCO be October 31 , 2001 .
please advise as to who he replacement be and they report date .
thanks ,
Galen J. Torneby project manager National Energy Production Corporation ( NEPCO ) 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell , WA 98011 USA tel : 425-415-3052 cell : 425-922-0475 fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com
rickhopkinson@enron_development _
09/16/99 10:07 am
Sara , trading be still not settled .
thank you for the invitaion to the conference call .
I would like both Lynn and I to participate .
I assume we should come over EB .
can you tell we where .
thanks
Rick
, do you want we to come over to the Enron b in you call .
could
sarashackleton@ect _
09/16/99 08:55 am
have you decide who will be assist tax - wise for this two country ?
I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( Houston time ) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regard further research on derivative product for trade in Brazil .
attach be a summary of product and the various Enron group seek answer .
if you would like to participate in person or by conference , please let I know .
I will be in Sao Paulo from September 20 - 22 and Buenos Aires from September 23 - 24 .
in Brazil , I will be meet again with Tozzini lawyer .
in BA , _ be meet with Marval lawyer .
let I know if you would like to participate in any way .
Sara
please try to verify .
thanks .
Sara
Sara Shackleton
09/16/99 10:16 am
how about Friday , September 17 , at 9 am ( Houston time ) which be 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) time ?
please advise .
Sara
___________________________________________
warning
notice : this message be confidential .
if you have receive it by mistake please let we know by reply and then delete it from you system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .
thank you .
- em-enro2.doc
the call be cancel .
I be wait to hear about a possible call Friday morning .
Sara
andreabertone@enron_development _
09/15/99 04:41 pm
yes .
if something happen that _ not able to participate _ let you know .
thanks .
sarashackleton@ect _
09/15/99 08:15 pm
this call have be change to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which be 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .
please let I know if you would like for I to conference you in .
Sara
the draft you receive have be approve by Dan .
if you would like this execute , please let I know .
Sara
danielrcastagnola@enron_development _ _
05/17/99 01:47 pm
Sara :
look good .
Dan
sarashackleton@ect _
05/17/99 11:23 am
Dan : please see if the attach draft work .
my extension be 35620 .
Sara
as a result of we luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday , could someone develop a comprehensive list identify all omnibus attachment ?
if you think any other pertinent information could be include , please feel free to add it .
thanks .
Sara
I e-mail you assistant early this morning and have have no response .
can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( Houston ) which be 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) on Friday , September 17 ?
please advise .
Sara
the conference call have be reschedule for Friday , September 17 at 9 am ( Houston ) which be 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) .
I will initiate the call .
if anyone would like to be conference in or attend in person , please let I know .
thanks .
Sara
I be forward to you guideline prepare for global product trading .
_ a good starting point .
I be currently work on guideline for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading .
other " guideline " exist in limited form for the remote office in Singapore and Australia .
I be check on London .
_ not exactly certain as to what you be look for .
obviously the foreign office have issue that may not apply in the US ( although LA. be about as close as you can get to a third world country ) .
one thing that _ show up in the attachment be the swap eligibility issue .
let I know how I can help further .
Sara
Janice Moore
09/03/99 01:57 pm
here it be -- we print this 2 - sided and laminate it .
Becky will bring you the hard copy version .
lunch date late .
see below .
it look like the 2 - day l/c issue be a issue .
_ call you shortly .
Joseph Manogue at Tiger call I last night to say he have finally review the draft isda doc with all agree change put in and line from original .
he fax it to you and will have the original fedex overnight .
hope _ have time to review it today .
s&s have again ask about the gtee and l/c wording .
they do not have anything from we in writing confirm the agree change .
Joe ask that you fax the revise gtee wording that have be agree ( I believe it be we agree to reduce the claim period from 15 day down to 5 ) and the new l/c wording ( drop the 2 day period to replace a l/c with a different bank if the first refuse to pay ) .
I know we talk about this issue early , but _ lawyer want to get everything agree in writing now so final doc can be issue for signing , even if we be the one' issue the gtee and l/c .
thanks !
call if you have question or if I can be of any help .
there be a outside chance we could have everything set to go this week .
with good regards ,
Per
hi back !
and happy New Year too !
to what do I owe this small pleasure ?
_ fine in Texas , still hang out with Phoebe and Chloe , work hard , etc .
where be you live this day ?
N.O. ? Atlanta ?
Memphis ?
Eleuthra ?
St. Petersburg ?
Amelia Island Plantation ?
_ simply lose track !
as for I , well , I lead the simple life , own a little house in West University , own a little car ( I have to buy a new one recently - the 14 - year old 380 SE start scare I a bit ) , you know , the usual .
be you sell burger up and down the east coast ?
have you go international ?
in a new franchise business ?
_ you family ?
get to get back to work !
this weekend _ off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business .
SARA
samchawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 pm
Sara -
happy New Year , stranger !
hope all be well .
do you miss I ?
SAM
Mark Elliott tell I that you draft some trader guideline ( physical and financial ) for the London trader .
I be try to develop similar guideline for the Southern Cone region ( first Argentina ) and think you expertise would be very helpful .
could you send I a set ?
_ leave for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .
thank you for you help .
regards .
Sara
( if ..... ) ( iii ) definitive agreement acceptable to party a in its sole discretion regard the debt and all other aspect of [ the project to be own by party b ] , include but not limit to the senior debt facility , commitment and all project document , have be fully negotiate and execute and the [ project ] have be bring to financial close .
fyi
Robert Quick
09/17/99 04:50 am
Sara , here be the trader guideline I develop for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .
I assume you need both gas and power .
this be to some extent country or market specific .
as this guideline need to be approve by Houston , I be copy this to Mark , Alan and Jeff .
tks
Sara Shackleton
09/16/99 09:48 pm
Mark Elliott tell I that you draft some trader guideline ( physical and financial ) for the London trader .
I be try to develop similar guideline for the Southern Cone region ( first Argentina ) and think you expertise would be very helpful .
could you send I a set ?
_ leave for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .
thank you for you help .
regards .
Sara
please review the attach memo to verify that I have identify all of the product that you be interested in trade in Brazil .
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday , September 20 , 1999 .
thank you ,
Sara
JMB < jbennett@gmssr.com >
12/22/2000 06:28 pm
party , attach be the promise ruling that provide procedural guidance for the hearing on 12/27 and 12/28 .
the ruling will also be post on the web site as quickly as possible .
thank you for you patience and I hope you can take a few moment to enjoy the holiday .
-- Angela Minkin administrative law judge
<< 1%p701!.doc >>
note that this communication be confidential , cover by _ settlement rule .
" Lindh , Frank ( Law ) " < frl3@pge.com >
12/21/2000 07:50 pm
confidential settlement document per CPUC rule 51
gas accord ii settlement participant :
attach be _ gas accord ii ( ga ii ) settlement proposal .
we believe it address many of the issue and concern you have raise in the workshop .
as a overview , this proposal : * maintain the basic gas accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *
* offer end user transportation rate for 2003 low for most customer than rate in effect today . *
* provide for vintage redwood path rate for core customer . *
* offer a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customer while minimize rate change to other customer , minimize the incentive for this customer to seek to bypass local transmission charge and other CPUC - approve charge . *
* adopt guideline to improve reliability and help moderate price in gas commodity market , and identify the capital project need to meet this guideline over the course of the ga ii period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *
* provide a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of need capital project .
the guarantee rate will be adjustable only for significant change in the cost of capital or increase cost due to governmental requirement or catastrophic event . *
* preserve a rate differential between the redwood and baja path , although somewhat less than the current differential . *
* propose a two - stage open season for firm transportation service begin in 2003 , with end user receive a first option on available capacity . *
* maintain the core aggregation program with some adjustment .
PG&E also anticipate that the core procurement incentive mechanism ( cpim ) will be similar to _ mechanism , but will reflect the somewhat large capacity holding need to meet anticipate increase in core demand and to meet a 1 - day in 10 - year cold weather event .
this also will serve as a reminder that a all - party meeting be schedule at _ headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11 , to discuss this proposal and to respond to you question .
we look forward to answer you question and receive you feedback .
the attach document include the ga ii settlement proposal , a attachment ( a copy of _ propose gas rule 27 ) , and a set of support workpaper .
finally , please note that the settlement document and the attachment be in " Word 2000 " format .
we would be glad to provide the same document in a early version of Word , upon request by individual party .
we look forward to see you on January 10 - 11 .
in the meantime , we extend we good wish for a safe and happy holiday season .
Frank Lindh Ray Williams ( 415 ) 973-2776 ( 415 ) 973-3634
<< pg&e gas accord ii settlement proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << proposed gas rule 27.doc >> << cos & rates workpapers for ga ii 12-20-2000 proposal.xls >>
greeting Judge Minkin :
this be to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plan at the _ hearing schedule for December 27th and 28th .
thank you .
sincerely ,
Jeffrey Dasovich director , Enron Corp
attach be a draft of the talking point for the _ hearing .
few point :
we time be likely to be limit to 5 - 10 minute .
Mike Day , we outside counsel , will make the presentation on we behalf .
Mike Day be flesh out the legal detail of we presentation and he will forward that along for folk review late today .
comment can be forward to I via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
we will finalize the message point on _ daily call ( 10 am CST ) .
the call in number be 800.713.8600 .
code be 80435 .
the _ hearing begin tomorrow at 10 am ( PST ) .
Jeff Dasovich
send by : Jeff Dasovich
12/26/2000 03:15 pm
attach be a draft of the talking point for the _ hearing .
few point :
we time be likely to be limit to 5 - 10 minute .
Mike Day , we outside counsel , will make the presentation on we behalf .
Mike Day be flesh out the legal detail of we presentation and he will forward that along for folk review late today .
comment can be forward to I via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .
we will finalize the message point on _ daily call ( 10 am CST ) .
the call in number be 800.713.8600 .
code be 80435 .
the _ hearing begin tomorrow at 10 am ( PST ) .
nice job .
go to be a wild ride .
_ a very good point .
_ make the change .
good ,
Jeff
Harry Kingerski
12/26/2000 03:33 pm
Jeff -
instead of suggest a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 % , I think we should acknowledge that a " modest " increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well think out evidence and hearing , not just determine by whim .
in general , we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that .
otherwise , I think you have capture the point excellently .
_ in the process of develop a strategy to take we through the next few month .
but while the ( otherwise perishable ) thought be still fresh in my mind from the hearing on Monday and Tuesday , I want to throw out some observation for discussion in the day / week ahead .
observation -- the pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " be increase .
the administration be hell bent on find a " fall guy . "
the price spike pose real political risk for Davis and he and he folk need and want a easy way out .
he press release follow the hearing renew the call for " refund . "
on my panel , Loretta Lynch ask Reliant and Duke to supply she with the detail of the contract they cut to sell they power forward to marketer .
and Carl _ remark be extreme .
at the Barton hearing , a liberal Democrat ( Filner ) and a conservative Republican ( Hunter ) lock arm in call for refund .
Bilbray join the " gouging " band wagon .
the utility repeatedly call on FERC to do a " real " investigation , with hearing , testimony , data discovery --- the work .
on the positive side , the FERC commissioner laud Wolak , he analysis , and he remark on the panel .
Wolak say somewhat emphatically that the nature of _ market structure make it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .
he also state that just _ just act in they own self - interest , respond to the screw incentive embed in the structure .
implication -- it seem prudent for Enron to understand well its risk of get finger .
in the good case , the clamoring for a " refund " subside .
in which case , the only cost to Enron be the internal cost incur to understand well the risk of get finger .
in the medium case , investigation find that Enron ( like other ) " play by the rule , " but the rule stink , and Enron profit at the expense of California consumer .
_ right , Sue .
rate _ go up without declare the rate freeze over in some fashion --- try to finesse it .
thanks very much for the comment .
Harry also have a good comment --- _ specify the amount of rate increase in we comment ; rather note that the rate increase need to be well - reason and base on fact and evidence .
will make that change .
shawnajohnson@enron _
02/22/2001 04:37 pm
this be a request for you interview participation .
the associate and analyst program will be on the Penn , undergraduate campus interview summer analyst intern next week .
due to business reason , previously schedule interviewer from the Penn team have have to cancel they participation .
currently , I need three interviewer for Thursday , March 1st and one interviewer for Friday , March 2nd .
please let I know of you availability .
campus interview be schedule as follow :
place : University of Pennsylvania
date : Thursday , March 1st Friday , March 2nd
day one interview day two interview
where : on campus Inn at Pen
time : 8:00 - 5:00 8:00 - 5:00
interviewer : Kevin McGowan - confirm
Jen Fraser - confirm
Margaret Rhee - confirm
Chris Hilgert - confirm
in the event that you have scheduling conflict and _ participate , any referral at the director or vp level would be greatly appreciate .
as always , thank you for you time and please contact I @ ext 58369 if you have any question .
Shawna Johnson recruiting coordinator
sorry about that before .
_ not say anything .
good
Jeff
" Scott A. Kushnick " < skush@swbell.net >
01/26/2001 12:48 pm
please _ mention my NY trip to anyone .
keep in touch .
Scott
thanks for the update .
have you get a price ?
Doug Leach
01/25/2001 09:40 am
fyi
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA be work with producer in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana / Texas oil and gas drilling project .
this financing activity be primarily start to help ENA secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activity .
just like what happen in _ initial vpp program they be find more interest in oil drilling project rather than natural gas project .
they be currently work on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the Medusa project which involve Murphy ( operator ) , Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Block # 538 and # 582 .
the initial reservoir report estimate reserve of 80 - 120 million barrel of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40000 bpd start in 1q 2003 .
quality be estimate to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 api gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .
plan be to build a private pipeline to _ West Delta # 143 platform and then bring the oil onshore .
Peggy be find out where WD # 143 pump to onshore .
_ group would like to know if we have any interesting in buy the crude on either a fix or float basis .
the floating could be tie to a _ index or the NYMEX .
it be far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a physical or financial contract , but Tom hope to get we first and / or last look from Murphy when the time be right .
another alternative be to give Murphy barrel at they 95000 bpd Meraux , Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrel .
could someone in you group please give I a notional non bind basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003 ?
please print
amandahuble@enron _
01/24/2001 01:02 pm
please address , and _ check with legal as well .
we typically only book deal when everything be sign off .
Jeff
David Hoog
01/26/2001 09:37 am
follow up on we discussion yesterday ; for this type of deal , I _ think _ necessary to have all the documentation of we _ authorization to enter into the agreement .
this be short term transaction and require this documentation will cause we to lose business because competitive alternative do not have such burdensome requirement .
the primary reason we need this thing be for the scenario where a muni do a derivative deal with a open - ended downside , lose $ 50 million , and then claim that it be not a valid contract .
in we case , they be only hedge .
we be collect a premium up front and they total cost be know up front .
therefore they will not attempt to make this claim .
even if they do , we risk be limit to the premium , not some big payout .
the risk of lose business be far great than the risk of a counterparty try to get they premium back .
seem like a 5 second decision to I .
be it possible to combine the standard isda and we confirm into a single long form ?
by go away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate this requirement because the payout liability be only 1 - way .
please print
rusamarts@aol.com
01/26/2001 11:57 am
dear Mr. Shankman ,
thank you very much for you quick reply .
attach be my resume .
I highlight the relevant skill in the summary .
the position be with the ees mmc east department / wholesale , retail & comm , ENRON ENERGY SERVICES .
it be post on December 11 , but the human resource dept say that if it be still on the internet , it be open .
look forward to hear you comment / suggestion .
regards ,
Rina
- enronr~1.doc
yikes !
that _ mother sound like a real problem .
_ not sure how I would have handle it .
_ school go ?
any plan for the weekend ?
almamartinez@enron _
01/26/2001 11:36 am
what happen ?
_ a story ... as I be wait at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approach I and ask if _ make sure she daughter get on a certain bus .
the mother be run late for work and could not wait .
I _ say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 year old ) and I wait for the bus .
it be now , 8:15 and there be no sign of she bus .
on top of thing , I have quiz at 8 am .
which I then realize I miss .
I decide that Nicki would just have to wait on she own .
I ask she if she have any relative that would want to know of she whereabouts .
I call she grandmother and explain thing to she .
pretty strange ... aye .
a bus that run through UofH arrive and I almost get on without she , but I _ do it .
finally , I tell the little girl that she would have to accompany I to school ( 8:30 am ) .
there be only 15 minute left of class .
I stay for the remainder of the lecture .
after class we go back to bus stop and within minute she bus arrive .
I tell the bus driver where to drop she off .
I notify she grandmother with the time of the departure .
and I be relieved when Nicki call to let I know she be home safe .
please send the memo to the EGM business head as well .
thanks .
Jeff
Jana Giovannini
01/26/2001 10:51 am
actually , Jen have volunteer for the afternoon session .
I speak to she prior to my note .
be there anyone else in EGM that could participate ?
please let I know .
thanks .
Jen , please take care of this for EGM
Jana Giovannini
01/24/2001 11:42 am
all ,
the analyst and associate program recognize we have many analyst need that need to be address immediately .
while we anticipate many new analyst join Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we feel it necessary to address some of the immediate need with a off - cycle recruiting event .
we be plan this event for Thursday , February 15 and be invite approximately 30 candidate to be interview .
I be ask that you forward this note to any potential interviewer ( manager or above ) .
we will conduct first round interview in the morning and the second round interview in the afternoon .
we need for interviewer to commit either to the morning ( 9 am - 12 pm ) or afternoon ( 2 pm - 5 pm ) complete session .
please submit you response use the button below and update you calendar for this date .
in addition , we will need the group that have current need to commit to take one or more of this analyst should they be extend a offer .
thanks in advance for you cooperation .
thank you ,
Jana
where do we 50 % ( the 1.65 million dollar ) show up ?
can you provide I with more detail ?
great job , guy .
Eric Gonzales
01/25/2001 02:02 am
great job gentleman !
this deviation show that Eco definitely have a significant amount of option value which can be exploit with quick reaction and favourable market movement .
Eric
wayneperry@enron_development _
25/01/2001 00:20
finally complete tonight
net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )
net to Eco about $ 3300000 ( Enron 50 % share about $ 1650000 )
Enron total gain not count _ trading desk margin be $ 1922000
not bad for a single cargo .
Wayne
Jen , please take care of this for EGM
Marianne : the follow be my comment :
1 . in section 1.1 , there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line .
2 . in section 3.1 , in the last sentence after the proviso insert " a " before the word " change " and after the word " in " .
3 . in section 6.1 , change 20 business day to 20 day .
also , add a semicolon at the end of clause ( i ) .
4 . in section 6.2.1 _ just note that the discount rate sentence I think be still a open issue .
5 . in section 6.3 , clause ( c ) should be reword to fit with the language in the beginning of the section .
6 . capitalize the word " facility " in the definition of average annual load factor .
7 . delete the definition of cost as it be already define in section 6.2.1 .
8 . where be the define term govt authority use ?
9 . in the gtc , the ecp rep should also apply to eesi .
also , in the 7th line of the rep add the word " into " after the word " entered " and before the word " this " .
10 . in collateral request , insert a comma after deposit in the last line .
I will also add granting / perfection language .
11 . in event of default , clause ( a ) refer to a dispute section which _ not sure exist .
in clause ( e ) , delete the " s " : from the word consolidation .
12 . remedies should be delete as it be already cover in section 6.1 .
13 . in ucc / disclaimer of warranty , add a clause ( c ) .
I would add setoff language .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
marianne castano@ees
05/30/2001 11:05 am
Carol :
I have attempt to incorporate the change that Jim have incorporate in we long form power agreement which ENA have suggest to date into the short form .
attach please find a sample short form ( for the con ed market ) for you review .
please note the follow as you review :
1 . the short form do not contain the optionality relate to we perform billing service -- all of we midmarket form anticipate that we will act as _ billing agent and that we will collect all amount due related to t&d and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on we invoice ) and pass that amount on to the _ utility .
2 . I do not include a " setoff " provision in this draft , mainly because the vast majority of the time , we will not , nor will a affiliate , have another agreement in place with this customer .
if you feel strongly about we include a setoff provision , we will do so .
3 . the change in law provision read a bit differently from the long form -- the thinking here be that the long form language be very lengthy and rather harsh ( and _ have great difficulty sell it in the past ) .
take into consideration this class of customer , we decide to include certain item , include we inability to cover we cost due to a change in law , rule or practice as a " force majeure event " in a effort to soften the approach ( see the gtc ) .
also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form do -- again , more in the interest of " save space " than anything else ...
let we know you thought on this document and if you be comfortable with we use this until such time as the hybrid form be launch .
if you be comfortable , we will drive this change into we other midmarket power form .
thanks again for you help with this project ,
Marianne
p.s. please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on you response -- they will be take this project during my " hiatus " -- I be move to PA on Friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .
I will start up again in mid-July ...
John :
I have fax to you the form of bond , we propose bond provision and the eei master .
I be wait on the confirm and will send they to you shortly by fax or e-mail .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Carol St Clair
05/31/2001 09:01 am
Phyllis :
we letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we delete all of the language that make the lc transferable .
be you okay with that ?
if so , be we ready to execute ?
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@nu.com
05/30/2001 03:00 pm
Carol :
I understand that we be still review the attachment that list the open transaction .
how be you make out on the revise version of the loc ?
Marianne :
in addition to my other comment on the mid market power form , I think you should add a forward contract rep .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Christie or Cass :
be we play tomorrow at 9:30 ?
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda :
as I mention in my e-mail , John Lepore at Select Energy ( settlement group ) be try to reconcile we list with he list .
he need more info about this trade ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .
he number be 860-665-2368 and e-mail address be leporjj@selectenergy.com .
once we agree on the list , we can sign the eei master .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
05/25/2001 12:45 pm
_ everything that flow from 5/1/01 forward .
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 12:01 pm
we need to include all outstanding transaction .
thanks .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
05/25/2001 11:45 am
do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all of May since they have not be settle ?
just let I know and I can send you a new attachment .
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 10:56 am
Rhonda :
do attachment a to the select eei master need to be update or be the version that you send to I the current version ?
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@nu.com
05/25/2001 10:44 am
Carol -
I think Valerie Mooney ( we credit person ) and Ed Sacks be still discuss some minor fine tuning of the loc format .
I speak to Bob Bruce this morning - _ all set on the language in the schedule to the isda , and there be a minor credit / billing issue in paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well .
as far as the eei go , the only remain issue that _ aware of ( aside from finalize the loc ) be whether _ finish coordinate the attachment contain the list of prior transaction .
sound like we may actually get this document execute early next week .
Phyllis Lemell
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 pm
I be miss deal no. 74419 on you sheet .
it be Enpower no. 295870 .
will fax .
Rhonda :
thanks so much for you help on this .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 pm
I be miss deal no. 74419 on you sheet .
it be Enpower no. 295870 .
will fax .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 pm
I be miss deal no. 74419 on you sheet .
it be Enpower no. 295870 .
will fax .
Phyllis :
we can accept the language with you chnage .
be we ready to execute ?
I be out of the office today but will be back tomorrow .
please call I .
thanks .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@nu.com
06/04/01 08:38 am
Carol -
we credit person _ understand why the transferability language need to be eliminate .
it simply refer to the same icc publication for the transfer process that govern the letter of credit generally .
be there some specific concern that we can address ?
Russell :
you comment to the transfer agreement be fine .
with respect to the guaranty , I will delete the schedule .
we system do not show any other chnage .
be there any ?
Carol
yes .
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( phone ) 713-646-3393 ( fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com
all ,
please see the attach interconnect agreement with Questar .
I want you all to have a look at what we believe be the final draft .
it be a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .
you will notice that Questar have request a " payment plan " that detail when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron event .
if anyone have any question or concern about the timing of this payment , please give I a call .
also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have add language in para 3.2 that protect we financially if the IRS ever come back to determine that this interconnect be subject to the ciac tax .
Robert Guthrie with the tax department have work with we to develop this language .
we hope to execute this agreement this week .
if you have any comment , please let I know .
after execution , we will forward a final copy to you for you file .
thanks ,
Kim 713-853-3098
<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
Earl ,
we be look at put the metering facility on they row ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from ElPaso to get to _ property ) .
as you look at this , if for some reason we _ obtain ElPaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on we row .
we in - service date be May 1 .
if you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receive the part / material on a timely basis because of the issue that vendor may have with we because of recent Enron event , please let I know .
Questar have already inform we that they would help obtain part / material to we specification if it help achieve a in - service date of May 1 .
thanks , Kim .
Kim
have a location , theirs or TW land / row , be settle and when be the require in - service date ?
thanks
Earl Chanley 505-625-8031
all ,
please see the attach interconnect agreement with Questar .
I want you all to have a look at what we believe be the final draft .
it be a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .
you will notice that Questar have request a " payment plan " that detail when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron event .
if anyone have any question or concern about the timing of this payment , please give I a call .
also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the ciac tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have add language in para 3. that protect we financially if the IRS ever come back to determine that this interconnect be subject to the ciac tax .
Robert Guthrie with the tax department have work with we to develop this language .
we hope to execute this agreement this week .
if you have any comment , please let I know .
after execution , we will forward a final copy to you for you file .
thanks ,
Kim 713-853-3098
<< file : questar so trails hub interconnect 02-05-02.doc >>
be you back in the office yet ?
_ book Italy ticket this week for depart Houston on Friday , May 24 to Newark / Rome and return on Sunday , June 9 from Rome to Newark / Houston .
ticket price be $ 1183 per ticket .
Paul and Judy be on board .
can you and Tom join we ?
Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to _ broken leg .
please call I , _ discuss .
thanks ,
Kim x33098
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .
I be in a meeting last week and this be discuss ( I _ remember if you be there or not ) but _ think that you may have already proceed ahead for implementation which be great , thanks !
Kim .
the telephony group have the new TW hotline number and extension ready for use , I have the solution center enter the greeting and Terry Kowalke have a new form and procedure for the customer service rep. to use for update .
how much notification would you like to give the TW customer before implement the new TW hotline phone number ?
we can do a popup notification along with change the number on the web page , we can also put out a critical message which will send a email to customer .
do you think we need to do more ?
thanks : John Buchanan
yes , thanks .
I be aware .
I just _ remember if it be you or Terry .
thanks , Kim .
Kim ,
the new TW hotline be implement Monday which include customer notification in the form of a popup message in tms and a critical notice which send a email .
the new hotline phone number be 713-853-3044 .
I be under the impression that Terry Kowalke have notify you of the implementation , TK be also make aware .
John Buchanan
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .
I be in a meeting last week and this be discuss ( I _ remember if you be there or not ) but _ think that you may have already proceed ahead for implementation which be great , thanks !
Kim .
the telephony group have the new TW hotline number and extension ready for use , I have the solution center enter the greeting and Terry Kowalke have a new form and procedure for the customer service rep. to use for update .
how much notification would you like to give the TW customer before implement the new TW hotline phone number ?
we can do a popup notification along with change the number on the web page , we can also put out a critical message which will send a email to customer .
do you think we need to do more ?
thanks : John Buchanan
here it be .
K .
see the attach spreadsheet .
let I know if you have any question .
Jan ,
this number be slightly different from the one you put together a few week ago .
be you comfortable with the difference ?
any thought ?
no hurry , I be just wonder .
thanks ,
Kim .
attach be the TW top ten shipper by revenue for the year 2001 to be report in the browncover report .
note :
total transportation invoice for 2001 be $ 180.9 m .
the amount of transportation revenue record in the general ledger be $ 165.9 m .
this difference be mainly due to the follow :
$ 10.0 m - negotiate rate reserve ( Reliant , Sempra , Richardson , Astr , and BP Energy ) - $ collect
$ 2.7 m - SoCal rate issue - $ not collect
$ 1.8 m - additional month of PGE revenue due to prepayment invoicing begin in 2001 - $ collect
revenue for this customer be adjust according .
also , revenue for the shipper acquire release volume from PGE at rate above _ tariff rate be adjust accordingly .
please call I at x36709 if there be question
thanks ,
richard
Kyle ,
sorry for not send this yesterday .
Monday be always tough .
please review and let I know what you think .
_ talk before I leave town next Wednesday .
thanks ,
Kim .
Kim ,
here be the job description and the operational accountability for the position I mention to you last Sunday .
as you can see it will take someone with some very good skill in organizing and interpersonal relationship .
it will also require someone who be fairly mature in they own spiritual journey .
if you know someone who might fit the bill ask they to contact I and / or send I they resume .
see you Sunday .
Tom
Thomas W. Daugherty vice president for spiritual care Methodist Health Care System 6565 Fannin Street , d - 200 Houston , Texas 77030-2707 office : 713-793-1429 page : 281-735-5919 cell : 713-819-2784 fax : 713-790-2605
Mansoor ,
_ discuss .
Kim .
Kim
the in - service date of May 1 , will be very difficult to attain .
since the bankruptcy filing , vendor have be very reluctant to ship material prior to it be prepay ( Daniels , Fisher , Rosemont , other ) .
this be the vendor of instrumentation require for the interconnect .
Questar may be able to purchase material , but some of the item can have up to a 60 day delivery .
( from time PA approve and fund to in - service will be 75 day at most .
we have work with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment have take 45 day alone .
Daniels be not set up for prepayment as they bill off a invoice and the main office and accounting have to create a invoice for a chromatograph that have not be deliver .
not the usual mode of operation .
the i/c design be for a UltraSonic meter and this be dependent on they testing schedule ( Canada or Kansas be the only two place to test to 100 % of design ) .
will confirm testing schedule and delivery date with UltraSonic asap .
we will try to complete the i/c with the early in - service date possible , but with condition as they be , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .
if you have question or issue , please let I know .
thanks
Earl Chanley 505-625-8031
Earl ,
we be look at put the metering facility on they row ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of row from ElPaso to get to _ property ) .
as you look at this , if for some reason we _ obtain ElPaso row , we will have to look at plan b which would be to put the metering on we row .
we in - service date be May 1 .
if you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receive the part / material on a timely basis because of the issue that vendor may have with we because of recent Enron event , please let I know .
Questar have already inform we that they would help obtain part / material to we specification if it help achieve a in - service date of May 1 .
thanks ,
Kim .
listen to the Edison call with investor Edison say they will pay everyone at the same time ( " big bang " approach ) sometime in q1 '02 .
my concern be that between now and then Dunn , the ag have the time and resource to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generator / _ claim .
investor be ask what Edison intend for qf and generator -- ask about haircut in particular -- and Edison be side - step the question .
great .
figure _ contact they , but want to make sure .
you know when the meeting with scheduler will be ?
I apologize , _ on the road and _ hear when that will be .
_ think that I may want to attend .
thanks .
good ,
Jeff
thanks for the info - a few people from we shop will be in attendance ./
if you _ hear , _ announce they abandon window for ofo .
_ hold " workshop " on how it will all work soon .
_ get you the announcement .
good ,
Jeff
probe the ' palace coup '
electricity : a panel focus on price hike and the action of the ISO president .
September 26 , 2001
by KIMBERLY KINDY
the Orange County Register
SACRAMENTO
a state Senate committee be set today to start serve 16 subpoena on electricity producer and official who manage _ energy grid to determine whether they act in concert to manipulate energy price .
the investigative committee , head by state Sen. Joe Dunn , D - Santa Ana , be focus on a series of event last fall fill with enough Shakespearean plot twist and intrigue that it have earn a name around the Capitol : " the palace coup . "
lawmaker and consumer group allege that the event - direct by the man who head the _ energy grid - fuel the California energy crisis , push the state into the power - buy business and help make billion of dollar for power producer .
the central question behind the palace coup be whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , act alone when he take step to remove key price cap design to limit the amount power generator could charge .
Winter defy he own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he file a 50 - page request to remove the cap , record and interview show .
" I _ know how this event could have take place without some concerted effort , " say Dunn .
the subpoena will force that involve , include Winter , to provide swear testimony about the event to the committee , and to turn over e-mail , personal calendar and memo .
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio say the governor feel " betrayed " by the action of Winter .
" the governor believe it be the define moment , when what be a mount problem turn into a instant crisis , " Maviglio say .
Winter refuse comment , refer all question to the public relation office .
ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman say _ committee will find no criminal conduct .
the decision be make by ISO upper management with one goal in mind : to keep the light on .
at the time , generator be refuse to sell power in California because of the price cap .
" it be a emergency , " Fishman say .
" we have to take action . ''
what become known as the palace coup begin on October 26 when ISO board member vote for severe restriction on the amount of money electricity producer could charge for power .
the restriction would drive price as low as $ 65 per megawatt - nearly 12 time below the $ 750 per megawatt limit of seven month early .
" they ( electricity generator ) grin and bear the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO be too much , " say Dunn , whose committee have be investigate since March .
" all hell break loose . ''
record show that on October 31 , power generator and electricity trader file letter with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , demand that the new plan be kill .
the letter , six in all , be send within two hour of each other and represent dozen of power generator .
" if not remove immediately , the ( ISO ) price cap will sow confusion in the market , threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity , '' read one letter write by Duke Energy vice president William Hall iii .
although there be nothing illegal about the generator act together to lobby against price cap , Dunn believe the letter and other action around the same time show clear coordination among energy official .
he say the main aim of the subpoena will be to determine whether collusion occur to " fix " price , which would violate federal trade law .
in the October 31 letter , electricity producer tell federal official that if price cap _ remove it would lead to a collapse of the energy market .
the generator get they way .
the next day , the federal commission kill the new pricing plan .
what be leave in place be a $ 250 price cap establish five month early .
power producer then turn they attention toward kill that cap , say they _ make a profit even under this constraint .
they begin to withhold power from California , and on December 7 the ISO declare its first stage 3 emergency and brace for blackout , which be narrowly avert .
what follow the next day be consider by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .
Winter , who in he position as president and chief operate officer of the ISO , submit a 50 - page emergency request , ask federal official to abolish the $ 250 price cap .
final authority over lift the cap rest with the federal government .
neither the ISO board , which have establish the price cap , nor the governor learn of _ action until the cap have be remove .
in fact , the attorney who help draft the emergency request , Charles Robinson , be in a meeting with representative of the governor and ISO board member just hour before the filing be make .
he _ mention anything about it .
" in retrospect , we should have tell they , '' Robinson say .
with the price cap gone , the generator file paperwork with federal regulator justify high cost .
" the ISO staff sit in a meeting with the _ key energy adviser with poker face , not say a word about something that be go on at the exact same moment , '' Maviglio say .
" it be beyond belief that they fail to mention something so significant .
this action accelerate the _ move toward bankruptcy and force the governor to move the state into the power - buy business . "
price for electricity jump from a average of $ 249 a megawatt to $ 700 a megawatt within three day , ISO record show .
Dunn believe the result overcharge for electricity exceed $ 30 billion .
Robinson say the filing - grant two hour after the request - help rather than hurt Californian .
price , he say , do not spike as a result .
instead they follow the skyrocket price of natural gas - which be use to run power plant to generate electricity .
Robinson say the emergency order allow the ISO to secure refund should overcharge for electricity be prove to federal official .
" we believe the action we take address a severe concern , '' Robinson say .
" in we view , we do not believe we change or make bad the financial situation .
we feel we make it good because it introduce a process for review and refund . "
Jan Smutney - Jones , who be the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represent power generator , say Winter do not consult he about eliminate the price cap .
Smutney - Jones also say he be unaware of anyone in the power - generating community be consult .
" Terry do this by himself , '' say Smutney - Jones , executive director of the Independent Energy Producer .
" he do what he think have to be do at the time to keep the power flow . "
the ISO board call a emergency meeting the next week demand Winter explain he action .
some board member push to have Winter remove , but there be concern such action would lead to more chaos , the _ spokesman Maviglio say .
James J. Hoecker , the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman , defend make the December decision and also defend Winter .
" they file a emergency motion , and we be not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker say .
" they ( ISO management ) do what any independent system operator would do . "
what _ committee hope to learn be why all this event transpire .
he believe memo and e-mail around the time of _ December 8 action should provide vital clue .
" we _ know why he do what he do , but we be eager to find out , " Dunn say .
" Terry say he make that filing in the interest of Californian , but I find that argument have no basis in fact . ''
we should resurrect Mike _ note and get he on the call in the attempt to avoid recreate the wheel on this one .
I can dig it up if _ like .
Sue and Jeff --
I be have a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss we view on the ability to extend we current contract in CA ( for customer already on da ) .
can we discuss this today or soon thereafter .
my take be that the udc will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and we # 1 priority be to work to get the PG&E model adopt across the state .
any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward ?
thanks .
sound good .
I suggest a " blind draw " on the team , good ball not scramble on the golf , and as for the wager , no email from the lose team for one week !
be there any question ?
_ leave to Steve to structure the deal .
as I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but _ willing to switch around a bit .
good ,
Jeff
be you play golf ?
and if yes , _ the game and wager ???
Jim
" Neal S. Manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >
11/28/2000 06:16 pm
_ a two way street , of course .
have they express any interest in negotiate ?
there be nothing wrong with a real negotiation , but nothing particularly helpful about generate one that be just for show .
particularly in the absence of any entreaty from they .
where be the " simple " explanation of the transportation piece ?
as I have tell rnr , I think we should advise Duke in writing that its ip be not in conformity with the contract , since it be in the alternative , and that we ip be hence the only one that will be before the arbitrator ( since Duke clearly _ change it ineffective ip at this stage , have already see ours ) .
accordingly , the only issue leave for arbitration be whether we ip ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) be or be not a economic hardship under the contract .
what say ye ?
none
susan rance@enron
11/28/2000 03:58 pm
by Friday December 1st , could you please tell I the percentage / amount of time you spend on East Coast Power during the month of October and November .
in addition , could you look over the list below to see if there be any additional employee in you group that spend time on ECP , so we can ensure we bill all of we use resource to ECP .
thanks for you cooperation .
*** Mary Perkins - could you forward the number of transaction and account .
*** Jason Chumley - could you forward the number of contractor hour and help / remote support hour .
hr - Veronica Parra , Nedre Strambler , Fran Mayes , Felicia Solis
legal - Bob Carter , Travis McCullough , Lisa Mellencamp , Shelia Tweed , Richard Sanders , Michelle Cash
corporate finance - Joe Deffner , Brain Kerrigan , Lewis Worthy , Mary Perkins
it - Jason Chumley
structuring / technology - Brad Alford , Chris Coffman , Bill Keeney
insurance - David Marshall
Susan
look good
Steve Van Hooser
11/28/2000 11:34 am
Richard ,
how do this look ?
if I can get a few minute with Mark H. today , _ go to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about get this sign before _ meeting with lipa .
thanks for you help this morning .
Steve
in the three year I have be here , I be unaware of a ENA / ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .
anyone else ?
if so , please contact Michelle .
michelle blaine@enron_development
11/28/2000 07:35 pm
Justin , I have no knowledge of any bad faith actin Enron have pend in Texas but I will call Richard Sanders who manage domestic litgation here .
_ read the material you send and agree we need to address this allegation appropriately .
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pend against any insurer in Texas or be you aware of any Enron have file ??
we sue Houston Casualty last year but I _ recall make any bad faith claim .
it settle anyway , a long time ago .
mb
Michelle ,
do you get my fax on Friday ?
I guess the question on which I should like you steer be : ( a ) do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings make by United India ?
( b ) be it right that Enron have 3 set of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?
( c ) be you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I send you ?
please give I a call if you would like to discuss .
Justin
not when I be there , but I _ there the whole time .
Michelle and Ken ,
be you able to discuss the " bad faith " proceedings issue yesterday ?
if you get the chance today , I should be really grateful if one of you could give I a call to discuss this issue ; I think we should set out _ position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay .
Justin
____________________________________________________________
this message be confidential .
it may also be privileged or otherwise protect by work product immunity or other legal rule .
if you have receive it by mistake please let we know by reply and then delete it from you system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .
____________________________________________________________
address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature .
thanks .
russell montgomery@enron
11/28/2000 08:22 am
Richard -
per my voice mail , here be the letter .
as I mention , please let I know when it be ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .
thank you for you help .
Russ 3-5297
brianp@aiglincoln.com
Rob Jacobs < rsjacobs@encoreacq.com >
11/28/2000 11:25 am
hi Rich ,
have you hear if the Kinga have have little Brian II yet ?
also , remind I of _ email , so I can harass he directly .
hope you pre Chanukah planning be go well .
Rob
- c.dtf
as you can tell from the time of my e-mail , I be get crush .
please ask she to be the contact person .
robertcwilliams@enron_development _ _
11/28/2000 09:46 am
now that Michelle be in you fold , do you want to reconsider she be the contact person with AAA on this ?
I be send you a letter from they atty .
call I to discuss .
Cheryl Marshall
11/27/2000 10:25 am
as of today , we have not receive payment in full as request in Richard _ letter date November 16 , 2000 .
we do receive a payment for $ 3202.61 on 11-20-2000 .
Richard - please let I know what we need to do next to file suit .
nuria_r_ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11 am
the attach letter be be send to you from Patricia Gillman .
( see attach file : sanders letter 4_28_00.doc )
- sanders letter 4_28_00.doc
Richard B Sanders
11/28/2000 09:56 pm
I be send you a letter from they atty .
call I to discuss .
Cheryl Marshall
11/27/2000 10:25 am
as of today , we have not receive payment in full as request in Richard _ letter date November 16 , 2000 .
we do receive a payment for $ 3202.61 on 11-20-2000 .
Richard - please let I know what we need to do next to file suit .
have Liz finish with gather the document ?
melanie.gray@weil.com
11/13/2000 03:43 pm
here be the revise date for the response / reply / and hearing date for _ motion to compel .
as you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the _ intention .
we should be expect a deposition notice soon if they be go to follow through on they threat .
I pass along to Liz Austin you request regard pleading A&K have file set forth the _ position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contract and what remedy the trustee be seek .
as you see below , she be pull that together .
call to discuss the response to the _ settlement offer .
thanks .
hi --
talk to Craig and the court today .
the motion to compel be now schedule for December 12 at 2 p.m .
the _ oppositon paper be now due November 27 and Enron reply be due December 1 .
I have my paralegal gather the pleading Enron request .
that be all for now .
-- Liz
********** note **********
the information contain in this email message be intend only for use of the individual or entity name above .
if the reader of this message be not the intend recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intend recipient , you be hereby notify that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication be strictly prohibit .
if you have receive this communication in error , please immediately notify we by telephone ( 713-546-5000 ) , and destroy the original message .
thank you .
" Gerry Strathmann " < gstrathmann@mediaone.net >
11/08/2000 02:19 pm
dear Mr. Sanders -
?
while I leave a you a phone message with some information about we project , I think I could give you some additional detail by e-mail as well ...
?
we be still very interested in have Enron support we ecommerce dispute management protocol .?
we have have enthusiastic response from company such as AT&T , Duke Energy , Pitney Bowes and Daimler Chrysler , and I would be pleased to answer any question you may have about this focal point for we educational effort .?
the real purpose of my call , however , be related to the service we will provide to support the aspirational statement of the protocol .
I be a member of the design group that have be develop the American Arbitration _ dispute management system and service for ecommerce b2b transaction .?
at this time we be put together small work group to validate some of we assumption and refine we initial service offering .
initially we design group , along with perhaps one of we technology consultant , would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day .?
ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance , legal , and operation so that we get good cross-functional feedback about we service .?
before the meeting we would provide you with a brief description of we propose service offering and a list of point for discussion at the meeting .
the real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build this service to meet the need of business operate in b2b marketplace .?
we be very concerned with provide service that be relevant to that environment .
we would like to meet between November 14 and ? December 1 ? since construction of we service be already underway .?
please let I know what be possible , and feel free to give I a call if you have any question ( 978-376-9004 ) .
?
thanks .
-> Gerry
Gerry Strathmann ecommerce group American Arbitration Association ( 978 ) 376-9004 303-294-4499
" Neal S. Manne " < nmanne@susmangodfrey.com >
11/29/2000 09:52 am
thanks , Richard .
do you have a tel # for Mike ?
thanks .
mark palmer@enron
11/29/2000 10:45 am
_ send a copy of the suit file against the generator as soon as I get it .
Mark
" Leopold , Jason " < jason.leopold@dowjones.com >
11/29/2000 10:40 am
hello energyphile :
ok , perhaps it be inevitable .
but it be now official .
a team of San _ good anti-trust and class action attorney have be assemble to take on the electric generator and marketer in California state court in a effort to return the electricity overcharge that have batter San Diego and the rest of California this year .
a press conference will be hold to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be file today .
when : 11 am - noon
where : 550 West C St. ( between Columbia & India ) suite 1810 Law Office of Levine , Steinberg , Miller & Huver 619-231-9449
what : copy of the file complaint will be make available at that time .
_ executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer question about the complaint .
we be hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site late today .
***********************************
" time be the good teacher , except for the fact that it kill off its good student "
Michael Shames executive director Utility _ Action Network 1717 Kettner Blvd. suite 105 San Diego , CA 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org
the industry of marriage and kid , you hear I .
marriage be , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often lead to kid and kid flat out suck .
how can I say such a abomination , ask you ?
look around you and notice all the mind numb trailor trash cretin out there who should not be procreate , yet they do .
this be the people who keep Jerry springer on the air .
this be the kid who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the American family have become under the post hippie culture , you hear again .
and you might think by read this I blame the kid .....
not so , kid be what kid be and will do what they do .
it be literally monkey see and monkey do with they .
that will likely never change .
_ the bad parent out there who fuck up they life and _ seem to understand that once you decide to have kid , it be indeed time to grow up and be a responsible role model for that kid .
very few parent do this .
and this be a direct result of the politically correct , permissive , time out grant bullshit liberal culture that have cause this .
when you blame it all on society , _ noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation of fuck up kid who be likley smoke , drink , do drug , fuck the neighbor or some internet perv just because you be too lazy to see what _ do .
people like this will never have my sympathy , nor do they deserve my sympathy .
look inside yourselves parent , be this you ?
probably it be .
fuck you .
stop try to pawn you brat off on other to " get a break " .
you make a choice to be a mommy , you _ get a break until they move out , _ the choice that you made and _ life .
tough shit .
just because _ stuck , _ give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .
another time _ segue into all the fun work related instance where " mommy " get out of do work and hide behind childcare as the reason .
this be the insidious conspiracy I call " mommism " .
it must be stamp out .
[ http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines ]
( newsday.com )
it look like NASA be ready to sour again after it devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occur nearly two year ago .
now , NASA engineer and astronaut be almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approach .
the most important question _ whether Discovery be technically ready to fly with new safety feature and emergency procedure , but whether the agency itself have learn from the crucial error most common to Challenger and Columbia , error that grow out of a management culture that discourage criticism and sacrifice safety for image - puffing and budget - cutting .
I hope so .
see another " Columbia " incident can be quite frightening ( I wake up to it early in the morning when I be in Texas ) .
we _ need another incident as explore the cosmos be something that keep we imagination go as a species .
maybe one day they will allow space tourism , ( hopefully that will be in the near future ) although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttle instead of try to preserve the old one .
you do have to give NASA credit on some thing as they have eliminate the " fear of report failure " culture that probably lead to the lack of report defect on the Columbia shuttle .
instead they be encourage everyone to come forward if they see any potential problem ( as it be clear that overlook problem could result in unnecessary loss ) .
but supporter be point a few good thing out :
clearly , the agency have work hard at tackle the technical challenge pose by a superb and surprisingly independent - minded investigative panel .
a few week ago , shuttle worker at the Kennedy Space Center receive a rocket - like boost in morale with two important delivery for the next shuttle to carry .
one be a special tool to detect damage to the thermal - protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcome .
the other be a new fuel tank " guarantee " by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunk of insulation .
NASA have some pr hurdle to overcome in the future .
but _ hope for they sake ( and the sake of all space lover out there ) that they can redefine they image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .
Selah .
--
post by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 am
heal the collective body
in George _ influential novel " 1984 " doublethink be a device promote by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable idea at the same time such as " war be peace " .
I see the merit in flow with duality .
one of my most cherish duality be the understanding that we be both autonomous individual with the power to shape we personal destiny and at the same time we be all one , that there be no separation between you and I , we be all together in this thing call life , we human being , the bird and the tress , the rock and the sky , all of it .
I have write a lot recently about heal the self so today here be a few word on heal we collective body , mind and soul .
think of all life , if you will , as one great choir or one grand congregation .
we strength be in we unity and harmony .
any major dischord and we all suffer .
any insult to the collective good bring we all down .
live out of synch with nature be the great disease , from that flow all the tributary we have come to think of as sickness .
we be only as strong as we weak , we be only as healthy as the sick amongst we - play sport and be in the army teach I that lesson before I be finished be a teenager .
when the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it bring we all down .
when that lucky enough not to have herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for that of we who do , not only be they hurt we , but they be hurt themselves .
there be no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .
what you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you .
we be now suffer from the consequence of we rape of the environment , we rejection of the natural for the industrial , and we embrace of violence over peace .
Jesus say that what you do the least of the people you do to he .
what be you do to the least of the people ?
if we be all in this thing together , _ play nice .
remember that what you do to yourself affect I and everybody else , remember that what you do to I and anyone else shape you destiny .
no matter what progress we make as individual in become healthy , we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthy reality .
fortunately circumstance will force we hand soon since we collective bad behaviour _ continue indefinitely .
in the near future collective choice will need to be make .
will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard ?
will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kick and scream with hold on to fear and anger ?
there be no health without peace and no peace without health .
November 2005
Sunshine Coast , British Columbia , Canada
Christopher Scipio homeopath / herbalist holistic viral specialist
one simple idea .
one huge opportunity .
what be you search for ?
more personal freedom ?
more time with you family ?
independent wealth ?
freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing ?
whether you be look for a part - time income to help pay off you debt or you be look for the freedom offer by work from home on a full time basis , Agel be the vehicle that can make that happen .
Agel be a new company and be uniquely position to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .
the company have develop a entirely new category of product .
imagine be part of the next industry - change innovation .
innovative product
Agel introduce a entirely new category of product call gelceutical .
the company have develop a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional product .
this proprietary gel suspension technology make possible single serving packet of gelceutical .
in this delivery format , you body can immediately start receive the benefit of the product component as the absorption of vitamin , mineral and nutrient be maximize .
never before have such a convenient method be available for consume nutritional product .
consider this convenience factor :
no water need ( as with tablet or capsule )
exotic juice benefit without the big bottle ( no glass and water weight )
single serving package ( imagine the sampling capability )
perfect for that with difficulty swallow tablet or capsule
fast , more efficient , delivery to the body learn more
revolutionary compensation
Agel have create a new compensation structure that be truly revolutionary .
it be we belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the large check in network marketing history .
the plan _ be describe as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a force matrix .
it be a revolutionary hybrid .
what be long term viability ?
it be not just company longevity .
if you use to make $ 100 k and now only make $ 30 k , this be not long term viability .
ten year late you check should still be the same or great , fulfil the promise of long - term residual income .
the Agel compensation plan include the principle that ensure that promise can be fulfil for that who work at it .
be you unsure of Agel ?
take time to discover the unlimited possibility with Agel !
the call will feature a host of other field leader , and we founder and ceo , Glen Jensen .
this call will smoke !
you will discover : · how to create the security of residual income ; · why Agel be the good vehicle to live you dream ; · the amazing scientific breakthrough behind the product ; · how the " quadra - plan " build big bonus check fast ; · the support system in place to help you build strong ; and · the secret to lock in a " legacy " position !
here be the number to call :
620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000
the passcode to participate be : 5107
date : Tuesday , November 22 , 2005
time : 8:00 pm Eastern Standard Time
location : conference call
5:00 pt ** 6:00 mt ** 7:00 ct ** 8:00 et
_ see you there !
Steve Fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909
email : " Dharmadeva " < dharmad...@gmail.com >
namaskar
hi all !
we now present the kaoshikii dance , which be excellent before and after yoga posture .
I encourage you to do this dance , as it have tremendous positive effect .
it be a dance for both male and female .
Dharma
--
kaoshikii be a dance which be invent in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti .
it be a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefit the mind by develop stamina and strength .
kaoshikii be especially good for woman .
it can ward off and cure a number of disease , keep the body youthful and enable a easy delivery in childbirth .
kaoshikii come from the Sanskrit word ' kosa ' mean shell or layer of mind .
the self of the individual lie hide in the innermost layer of existence ( kosa ) .
thus kaoshikii be a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the macrocosm ( cosmic consciousness ) .
this attempt be normally refer to as mysticism .
--
the benefit
exercise all the gland and limb from head to toe .
increase longevity .
make for easy delivery at childbirth .
the spine will become flexible .
arthritis of the spine , neck , waist and other joint will be remove .
gout in the spine , neck , hand and waist will be lose .
the mind become strong and sharp .
irregularity in menstruation will be cure .
glandular secretion will become regulated .
trouble in the bladder and urethra will be cure .
give control over the limb .
add charm and shine to the face and skin .
remove wrinkle .
remove lethargy .
cure insomnia .
cure hysteria .
fear complex will be remove .
hopelessness will be lose .
help in self - expression and develop _ potentiality .
spinal pain , pile , hernia , hydrocele in man , nervous pain , nervous disability will be cure .
cure kidney and gall bladder trouble , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver disease .
increase the capacity to work until 75 - 80 year of age .
--
the dance
the eighteen step of the dance be do rhythmically .
first the dancer begin in the starting position : the hand together and raise over the head .
then to the beat of " dhin , dhin , ... , ta' , ta' " , the dancer begin they step , place the big toe behind the heel of the other foot .
in the final two step , the dancer firmly stamp they foot on the ground .
kaoshikii can be dance for as many round as you like .
--
the ideation
when the dancer start the step with the beat of " dhin , dhin ... " , the mental ideation should also be keep .
here be the ideation .
the two hand when upraise and fold together represent : " now I be try to establish a link with parama purus'a ( supreme consciousness ) . "
bend to the right indicate : " I know the right way to request you . "
bend to the left indicate : " I know how to fulfil you demand . "
bend forward suggest : " I completely surrender to you . "
bend backward represent : " I be ready to face all obstacle that may come . "
the last two step represent : " o Lord I repeat you cosmic rhythm . "
Quebecker win U.S. bravery award
Pittsburgh -
a Quebec man be award a Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for save two friend by fight off a polar bear with a pocket knife two year ago on Baffin Island
Dr. Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , Que. , use a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle , to save two friend who be be maul .
" all of the research and all of the preparation I do lead up to the trip give no indication that there be bear in the Soper [ River ] valley where we be canoe , " Dr. Fortier say .
Dr. Fortier , a orthodontist , learn there be at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he feel what he think be a dog lean on he tent wall .
" my first thought be to push it away , " he say .
" a few seconds late my girlfriend see the shadow of a _ paw through the tent fly and then it start rip through the ceiling . "
the polar bear be more dangerous than most other bear .
the latter usually consider human being a threat but the polar bear consider human a snack , expert say .
the two scream to frighten the bear and warn they friend in a tent several metre away but the bear rip into that tent and begin maul 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .
" they scream change , " Dr. Fortier say .
" I grab my glass and my knife and unzip my tent and head out . "
the bear dwarf the 6 - foot - 1 Mr. Parenteau , knock he to the ground , he say .
Dr. Fortier throw a large rock at the bear , distract it and allow Parenteau to escape but it then turn on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who be in the same tent .
again Dr. Fortier throw rock at the bear and again its target be able to escape .
" the bear give chase and I give chase , " he say .
" at some point , Patricia trip or the bear trip she and be at she back .
I be beside the _ head and I stab it with a upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of time . "
the bear run off .
while there be some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , Dr. Fortier say he _ think he hurt the bear badly .
both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon , however , be bleed badly .
Dr. Fortier and he girlfriend lash two canoe together and paddle eight kilometre along the Soper River .
Dr. Fortier travel another three kilometre by foot to seek help in the near settlement .
both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon be airlift to a hospital and survive , though Mr. Parenteau have a gash within a centimetre of he jugular , Dr. Fortier say .
Dr. Fortier be one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday .
the bronze medal be give to people who " risk they life to a extraordinary degree while save or attempt to save the life of other . "
the other Canadian recipient of the medal be Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who be kill August 4 , 2002 , while try to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wield a knife .
Mr. Crawford throw several punch at the assailant before he be stab in the heart .
U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie start a hero fund in 1904 after be inspire by rescue story from a mine disaster that kill 181 people .
the award come with a $ 3500 ( U.S. ) grant .
important information of big company
Apple Computer
it be the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs .
he be three month late in file a name for the business , and he threaten to call he company Apple Computer if the other colleague _ suggest a good name by 5 o'clock .
CISCO
it be not a acronym as popularly believe .
it be short for San Francisco .
Compaq
this name be form by use comp , for computer , and paq to denote a small integral object .
Corel
the name be derive from the _ name Dr. Michael Cowpland .
it stand for COwpland REsearch Laboratory .
Google
the name start as a joke boast about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .
it be originally name ' Googol ' , a word for the number represent by 1 follow by 100 zero .
after founder - Stanford graduate student Sergey Brin and Larry Page present they project to a angel investor , they receive a cheque make out to ' Google '
Hotmail
founder Jack Smith get the idea of access e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world .
when Sabeer Bhatia come up with the business plan for the mail service , he try all kind of name end in ' mail ' and finally settle for hotmail as it include the letter " html " - the programming language use to write web page .
it be initially refer to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing .
Hewlett Packard
Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard toss a coin to decide whether the company they found would be call Hewlett - Packard or Packard - Hewlett .
Intel
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore want to name they new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that be already trademark by a hotel chain so they have to settle for a acronym of integrated electronics .
Lotus ( Note )
Mitch Kapor get the name for he company from ' the lotus position ' or ' padmasana ' .
Kapor use to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
Microsoft
coin by Bill Gates to represent the company that be devoted to microcomputer software .
originally christen Micro - Soft , the ' - ' be remove late on .
Motorola
founder Paul Galvin come up with this name when he company start manufacture radio for car .
the popular radio company at the time be call Victrola .
ORACLE
Larry Ellison and Bob Oats be work on a consulting project for the CIA ( Central Intelligence Agency ) .
the code name for the project be call Oracle ( the CIA see this as the system to give answer to all question or something such ) .
the project be design to help use the newly write sql code by IBM .
the project eventually be terminate but Larry and Bob decide to finish what they start and bring it to the world .
they keep the name Oracle and create the RDBMS engine .
late they keep the same name for the company .
Sony
it originate from the Latin word ' sonus ' mean sound , and ' sonny ' a slang use by American to refer to a bright youngster .
SUN
found by 4 Stanford University buddy , SUN be the acronym for Stanford University Network .
andrea Bechtolsheim build a microcomputer ; Vinod Khosla recruit he and Scott McNealy to manufacture computer base on it , and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX - based os for the computer .
Yahoo!
the word be invent by Jonathan Swift and use in he book ' _ Travel ' .
it represent a person who be repulsive in appearance and action and be barely human .
Yahoo! founder Jerry Yang and David Filo select the name because they consider themselves yahoo ...
I be on Yahoo !
email : mayur...@yahoo.com sms : + 919819602175 web :
hi all ,
there be already several forum around the net focus on discuss Guild War , so why create a new one ?
I say why not ?
the main reason be Google be more accessible to the global community and you can rest assure that _ not go to go away .
I have see great fan site suddenly disappear without notice and for no reason .
usually this happen because the developer of the site can no long afford the cost of bandwidth be use .
that say , the maintenance of this forum be handle by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give we more time to play :) .
_ nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussion .
regards ,
Humanpixel
aye !
good day mate !
_ really look forward to Guild War .
anyone know a release date ?
February 2005
February 2005 be the project release date , although Guild War be make by ex-member of Blizzard , so February 2005 could mean August 2006 ...
anyway , I try to get a preorder but no place be sell it so I miss out on 2/3 weekend event .
oh well , _ get it when it come out in Febuary .
rumor have February 05 on the calender .
but they state that they will take as long as it take to work out all the bug so who really know how long .
as far as preorder _ go to and they have a list of major retailer that carry it there be also a few website that you could order it off of .
and a good reason for start this group .... company firewall lol ;)
I be kind of curious , what exactly be Guild War ?
I _ hear of it .
check out the Guild War web site at for more info about the game .
_ a massive multiplayer role playing game .
the graphic be without a doubt the among the good graphic I have ever see for any game and I have be game since the mud day .
_ worth a look .
I have a preorder and be even consider get a second preorder to have multiple account .
I have participate in all the weekend beta event and the world preview .
the game be already 100 % functional .
I _ imagine they not be able to meet the February 05 deadline .
warm greeting to all in this GW community .
I be Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guild of Guild War .
we be a consortium of legit honorable guild that be establish in 1997 for DI and we be now add GW to the list of game play .
the alliance be a pretty straightforward one .
it be form to allow many different guild who be all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow they many people to game with .
there be no other requirement other than we ask that member greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forum .
we be also a group who be look for member for we own select guild call ULGG of GW ... which be a part of the alliance with the same name .
we play in all aspect of the game and we hand pick we member .
I would like to personally invite each of you to visit we website .
you be individual of quality , and in we alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member .
you will be ask to register , and then you should wander over to the announce you arrival section and present yourself .
you will be greet by many member of this wonderful family .
I do hope to see you visit we at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .
if you paste this in you browser , it will take you directly to we GW website .
I extend my hand to each of you in true friendship , and honor .
come and say hello ... you will be warmly welcome !
we be currently move to a new server , so we will be down for a while .
I will inform when we be up and run again .
I wish all happy holiday , and moreso , peace on earth .
Kingel
dear judge , lawyer , policeman , guard , counselor , taxpayer , et al. ,
we be here .
like it or not , for good or bad , we be here .
who be we ?
we be the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torture , the disenfranchise convict , drug and alcohol addict , the unemployed and unemployable .
we be the child of poverty , financial and spiritual .
we have and will have child of we own , grandchild too .
we be ex-con , uninsured , homeless , of many color and speak many tongue .
we be the enemy in what have become a domestic war against ourselves .
and who be you ?
you who like the tough talk of tough on crime ?
you who watch as budget be cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?
bullet - proof vest , automatic weapon , helicopter , tank , robot ... the testosterone be ooze through the street , more prison , long sentence , tighten the belt , spartan condition , task force , gang unit , gun court .
and what be there to show for it ?
unemployent stay low because half the population oversee that " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?
please tell I there be a deep reason .
do you feel safe ?
more humane ?
more like a cohesive society with a share sense of purpose , who can identify we and they ?
do you live in a gated community or gentrify neighborhood ?
by the way , have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrase ?
_ about time we get together .
please know that I have yet to meet a convict who want they child to be a thief , a addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .
most of we still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the dark dilemma , rut and catch - 22 .
most of we believe in craft law and instil order .
many of we have burrow beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being , a understanding force at least as powerful as that we succumb to , and many of we _ escape if you open the front door .
do you know that approximately 10 million American be either incarcerate , on probation , on parole or once be in that category ?
each of that 10 million have family , friend , neighbor ... and so close and close do the we interface with the you .
_ you think _ time we talk ?
be you ready ?
can you accept that the road we be travel point toward a grim and painful future ?
do you have the heart to face monumental failure while bravely struggle beyond where we be now ?
I know that some of you be , and that some of we be , and this be what give I hope .
you need we insight just as we need you structure .
it be never over , especially when a real solution , a real treatment for we sickness , be yet to begin .
in solidarity ,
Bruce Reilly ( a.k.a Bruha ) p.o. box 8274 Cranston , RI 02920 USA
p.s. - I be try to conceptualize a effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .
idea be welcome .
collaboration be pray .
a annotate text of the bill , read the article by D. Singmaster in " the Mathematical Intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
subject : where can I get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system run on my machine that will take advantage of the posting in comp.mail.maps ? ( e.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )
there be a couple of package available through the supporter of the comp.sources.unix archive .
if site next to you _ have what you want , contact you near comp.sources.unix archive , or the moderator .
information on archive site , and index of comp.sources.unix back issue be post regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d .
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- -----
subject : what be " food for the NSA line - eater " ?
this refer to the allege scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency ( and possibly other intelligence organization ) for interesting keyword .
the " food " be believe to contain some of that
email : " Peanutjake " < peanutjak...@usa.com >
group : misc.consumers
subject : immediate attention need :
highly confidential urgent assistance - from USA
from : GEORGE WALKER BUSH 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461
dear sir / madam ,
I be GEORGE WALKER BUSH , son of the former president of the United State of America George Herbert Walker Bush , and currently serve as President of the United State of America .
this letter might surprise you because we have not meet neither in person nor by correspondence .
I come to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involve the transfer of a huge sum of money to a account require maximum confidence .
I be write you in absolute confidence primarily to seek you assistance in acquire oil fund that be presently trap in the republic of Iraq .
my partner and I solicit you assistance in complete a transaction begin by my father , who have long be actively engage in the extraction of petroleum in the United State of America , and bravely serve he country as director of the United State Central Intelligence Agency .
in the decade of the nineteen - eighty , my father , then vice - president of the United State of America , seek to work with the good office of the President of the Republic of Iraq to regain lose oil revenue source in the neighbor Islamic republic of Iran .
this unsuccessful venture be soon follow by a falling - out with he Iraqi partner , who seek to acquire additional oil revenue source in the neighbor emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - own U.S. - British subsidiary .
my father re-secure the petroleum asset of Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion U.S. dollar ( $ 61000000000 ) .
out of that cost , thirty - six billion dollar ( $ 36000000000 ) be supply by King Hussein , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchy , and sixteen billion dollar ( $ 16000000000 ) by German and Japanese partner .
but my _ former Iraqi business partner remain in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserve .
my family be call for you urgent assistance in fund the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquire the petroleum asset of he country , as compensation for the cost of remove he from power .
unfortunately , we partner from 1991 be not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollar ( $ 100000000000 - $ 200000000000 ) , both in the initial acquisition and in long - term management .
without the fund from we 1991 partner , we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trap within Iraq .
that be why my family and we colleague be urgently seek you gracious assistance .
we distinguished colleague in this business transaction include the sit vice-president of the United State of America , Richard Cheney , who be a original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company , and Condoleeza Rice , whose professional dedication to the venture be demonstrate in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after she .
I would beseech you to transfer a sum equal ten to twenty - five percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of you yearly income to we account to aid in this important venture .
the Internal Revenue Service of the United State of America will function as we trust intermediary .
I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth ( 15th ) of the month of April .
I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .
but I be assure you that all will be well at the end of the day .
a bold step take shall not be regret , I assure you .
please do be inform that this business transaction be 100 % legal .
if you do not wish to co-operate in this transaction , please contact we intermediary representative to further discuss the matter .
I pray that you understand we plight .
my family and we colleague will be forever grateful .
please reply in strict confidence to the contact number below .
sincerely with warm regards ,
George Walker Bush switchboard : 202.456.1414 comment : 202.456.1111 fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov
US battle to save storm victim
watch the airlift
emergency team in the southern US be battle to reach survivor of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decade .
hundred of people be fear dead in Mississippi , and the Louisiana city of New Orleans be badly flood .
the city mayor say rescuer be unable to retrieve the dead .
" _ just push they aside , " he say .
amid worsen condition , official plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20000 people take shelter .
the Superdome stadium be without power , and toilet be overflow .
map of central New Orleans
" _ a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco say .
[ a error occur while process this directive ]
one resident of New Orleans say escape from the storm be " hell " .
" we be scream , holler , flash light .
it be complete chaos , " Kioka Williams tell the Associated Press news agency .
she have to hack she way through the ceiling of she beauty shop as flood water rise in the city of half a million people - much of which lie below sea level .
flooding
wall keep water out of the bowl - shaped city have be breach , and emergency team be use helicopter to drop 1350 kg ( 3000 lb ) sandbag and concrete barrier into the gaps .
before the phone go , I be tell [ my family in Biloxi ] have lose they roof , barn , 2 oak tree and many pine and they be let in water
Natalie McVeigh Oakley , England
you Katrina experience
blogg Katrina
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin say up to 80 % of the city be submerge , in some case by water 6 m ( 20 ft ) deep .
he warn water level could still rise .
" some section of the city which be dry now could see nine or 10 foot ( some 3 m ) of water , " he say .
the US Army Corps of Engineer say it could take a month to clear the flood water , and the _ disaster relief agency have urge evacuee not to try to get back to they home .
the _ Alastair Leithead in New Orleans say there be panic as vital supplies run out .
heavily armed police have be try to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreak of looting .
while some looter be steal non-essential goods , other be simply try to find food and water .
' hundred dead '
the situation appear to be even bad in Mississippi .
" _ go to be look at hundred dead along the coast , " a state official say .
[ a error occur while process this directive ]
casino house in barge have be hurl onto the beach and beyond .
ten of thousand be homeless , and official say it could be week before power be restore .
" I can only imagine that this be what Hiroshima look like 60 year ago , " say Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after view the destruction from the air .
survivor be be find all the time , include two child who lose they parent .
Harrison County in Mississippi bear the brunt of Hurricane Katrina as it slam into Biloxi and Gulfport before head inland .
Mississippi media early report 54 people kill in the state .
in Biloxi , 30 people be report dead in one block of flat which be hit by a 9 m ( 30 ft ) " storm surge " .
the _ death toll may be " in the hundred " , municipal spokesman Vincent Creel say .
mobilising
_ Governor Blanco urge resident to spend Wednesday in prayer and assure they the crisis would eventually be overcome .
follow _ path
the US Red Cross have mobilise thousand of volunteer for its big - ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency team be be dispatch to affect area .
President George W Bush , who have cut he holiday two day short , have call on American to donate to the Red Cross or other organisation .
damage estimate of more than $ 25 bn suggest it could be the US insurance _ most expensive natural disaster ever .
the price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $ 70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas field in the Gulf of Mexico .
the US energy secretary have announce that oil will be release from government petroleum reserve .
return to the top
moon landing hoax : church = technology & government - shuttle carry on aircraft model
q : NASA be a waste !
( answer , 2 comment )
question
subject : NASA be a waste !
category : science > astronomy
ask by : yheggy - ga
list price : $ 2.00
post : 25 October 2004 18:32 pdt
expire : 24 November 2004 17:32 pst
question id : 420072
how much money do the USA give NASA per year ?
answer
subject : re : NASA be a waste !
answer by : googlenut - ga on 25 October 2004 19:14 pdt
hello yheggy - ga ,
on September 21 , 2004 , the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approve $ 16.379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005 .
this be a $ 200 million increase over what NASA receive for fiscal year 2004 .
U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations
press release
September 21 , 2004
" National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) : be fund at $ 16.379 billion , a increase of $ 200 million over the fy04 enact level , and a reduction of $ 665 million from the budget request .
a additional $ 800 million in emergency funding be add for NASA during the _ consideration of the bill .
-- the return to flight activity for the shuttle program be fund at $ 4.319 billion , the request level from the administration .
-- the International Space Station be fund at $ 1.6 billion .
the bill reduce ISS operation by $ 120 million due to the continue reduce capability of the ISS for at least half of fy05 .
-- the Moon / Mars vision :
--- the Crew Exploration Vehicle ( CEV ) be fund at $ 268 million .
--- a lunar exploration mission be fund at $ 20 million .
--- $ 10 million be provide for Centennial Challenge .
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation ( NRC ) : be fund at $ 115 million , the same as fy04 and the budget request . "
spacetoday.net
Senate increase NASA fund
" the Senate Appropriations Committee use a somewhat controversial technique Tuesday to increase _ fiscal year 2005 budget by $ 200 million over what President Bush request .
the committee vote to give NASA $ 16.4 billion in 2005 , about $ 200 million more than what the President request and over $ 1 billion more than what House appropriator approve in July . "
I hope you have find this information helpful .
if you have any question , please request clarification prior to rate the answer .
Googlenut
Google search term :
nasa funding
comment log in to add a comment
subject : re : NASA be a waste !
from : saem_aero - ga on 26 October 2004 18:11 pdt
excellent answer googlenut .
let I add some additional info .
you can get detail about NASA spending here , from they own webpage .
also , from they own webpage , reason why NASA be important , in a 5th grade format .
I guess if you be someone not familiar with how NASA benefit we society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .
let I put it this way - if you have watch TV recently , cross a modern bridge , fly in a airplane , recieve any form of modern medicine , do any mathematics , drive a car , use a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reap the reward which NASA have return to we .
also NASA have a large outreach program for education , some people believe this be important .
good , Steve .
subject : re : NASA be a waste ! from : jaqamofino - ga on 26 April 2005 06:02 pdt
I believe that NASA be a huge waste of tax _ money , but there be so many huge waste of tax payer money , that I find it good not to think about it .
I also think the National Endowment for the Art be a waste , but I guess I would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .
of course , in a perfect world , tax _ money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program , and housing for the homeless , but this be far from a perfect world .
in response to _ comment : do you really believe that spend trillion on space exploration over the year be the only way to invent the cellfone ?
and bridge ???
I find that extremely hard to believe .
I think it could have be do in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .
just my two cent .
thanks for listen .
please take a moment to read this .
I realize that it may sound strange , but we be desparate in we effort and be willing to try anything to help we dear sick friend .
this cost absolutely nothing , and will take about one minute of you time .
this be not a hoax , as so many of this email actually be .
in quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in we area , be sponor a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefit have run out .
that band be involved in a local competition which promise a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have start .
below be some email to friend explain a little more about this effort .
what we be try to do be solicit vote for the band , in order to put they in first place .
they be currently in third place , and need you help so that the prize money can be use for a humanatarian cause .
you can vote at the follow link , it will only take a few seconds .
please take a moment to click on the link below and cast you vote for Beyond Control .
thank you in advance for you contribution to this effort .
also , please pass this along to everyone you know , and all of you email contact .
we need the power of the internet to pull this off .
the web site be
you can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website .
that address be .
the home page for Rockin on the River be , and it list all the act schedule for the season .
you can check that out as well , to confirm that this be all real , and for a worthy cause .
Abby be we beloved friend , and we be try to raise money for she any way we can , so this prize money be important to help she continue to receive she life - save treatment .
many thanks , and may God bless you all and keep you healthy .
here be some email we have send , along with the flyer for the benefit fund raiser we be hold in June , just for you information .
Roy ,
I be send you some info that I have pass along regard the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .
if you can pass this info along , and ask everyone you know to forward it to they contact , etc , we may have a shot at pull this off .
thanks ,
Fred
John ,
I will attach the letter explain the benefit we be sponsor .
there be a link to the contest page .
any help in distribute this will be greatly appreciate .
it be certainly for a good cause .
Abby need to fly to New York twice a month for this treatment , and she time on the federal grant program have expire .
she _ have the fund to continue without the grant , and without this treatment , she prognosis be grim .
I hope you have a huge network .
also encourage you recipient to forward this along to they contact , and so on , so that the movement to help she grow exponentially .
we must finish in first place in order to contribute the $ 5000 to the benefit fund .
thank you so much for care enough to offer you help .
Fred
benefit auction & raffle for ABBY FREEMAN
when : JUNE 12 , 2005 , 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m.
where : MAIN STREET SALOON
admission : donation at the door
Abby Freeman be we good friend who have non-hodgkin lymphoma , and she need you help !
she grant for the life save treatment she need have run out , and we need to help she to continue to receive this treatment .
Abby have three wonderful young child , and friend who love she and need she .
please help we to help she win this fight .
with you help , we know she can do it !!
_ have four band , and Big D be cookin' ..... lot of fun and great prize .
this be a event you _ want to miss !!
band , food , and prize be sponsor by Beyond Control , who will be compete in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1 .
the winner of this competition will receive $ 5000 , which Beyond Control hope to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund .
please help we by log onto the Rockin on the River website at .
cast a vote for Beyond Control , and help we provide Abby with she life save treatment again .
donation can also be make through Charter One Bank .
make check payable to Kendel Bunnell care / of Benefit for Abby Freeman
by Richard Spencer
( file : 19/11/2004 )
_ insatiable demand for energy be prompt fear of financial and diplomatic collision around the globe as it seek reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan .
a intrusion into Japanese territorial water by a Chinese nuclear submarine last week and a trade deal with Brazil be the late apparently unconnected consequence of _ soar economic growth .
increase car usage in China be create a high demand for petrol
the connection , however , lie in a order issue last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably one which could not be stop by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .
the submarine incident be put down to a " technical error " by the Chinese government , which apologise to Japan .
but even before the incident the _ Daily , the government mouthpiece , have comment that competition over the East China Sea between the two country be " only a prelude of the game between China and Japan in the arena of international energy " .
the Brazil trade deal include funding for a joint oil - drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that expert say would add up to three time the cost of simply buy oil on the market .
the west , however , have pay little attention to this development .
for the United State and Europe be far more concerned with the even more sensitive issue of _ relation with " pariah state " .
in September , China threaten to veto any move to impose sanction on Sudan over the atrocity in Darfur .
it have invest $ 3 billion in the African _ oil industry , which supply it with seven per cent of its need .
then , this month , it say that it oppose move to refer _ nuclear stand - off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nation Security Council .
a week before , _ second big state oil firm have sign a $ 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran , which already supply 13 per cent of _ need .
China have its own reserve of oil and natural gas and once be a net oil exporter .
but as its economy have expand by a average of nine per cent per year for the last two decade , so have its demand for energy .
this year it overtake Japan as the _ second large consumer of energy , behind the US .
its project demand , boost by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternative to pollute coal for electricity generation , have contribute to the surge in the price of oil this year .
shortage be already lead to power cut in the big city .
since President Hu order state - own oil firm to " go abroad " to ensure supply , they have begin drill for gas in the East China Sea , just west of the line that Japan regard as its border .
Japan protest , to no avail , that the project should be a joint one .
the two be also set to clash over _ oil wealth .
China be furious that Japan have outbid it in they battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intend to build to the Far East .
Japan favour a route to the sea , enable oil to be ship to both Japan and China .
China want a overland route through its own territory , which would give it ultimate control if hostility break out .
increasingly , analyst be say that _ effort have go beyond what be safe or even in its own interest .
Claude Mandil , the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris , say the reserve in the East China Sea be hardly worth the trouble .
" nobody think that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world , " he say .
" it may be a difficult political issue but I _ think the energy content be worthwhile . "
Eurasia Group , a New York - base firm of political analyst , say its oil expert work out that China be pay such a inflate price for its investment in Brazil that the cost for the oil it end up with be three time the market price .
" if _ economy falter , which , in my view , appear increasingly likely , then commodity price will plummet , and with they , the value of the asset that produce they , " Jason Kindopp , _ lead China analyst , say .
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990 Japan situation , where it be force to sell recently purchase overseas asset for a fraction of what it pay for they . "
_ wide aggression to secure oil and gas be the great threat to its international standing in the next decade .
" Sudan be the primary example , " he say .
" it mark the first time in recent year that China have promise to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiate by the United State and back by France and Great Britain . "
email : dharmad...@gmail.com
visualization as a helpful begin technique
-----------------------------------------------
if you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualization to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the follow before move onto the more formal method below .
visualisation can be as useful tool , but meditation be more than that .
meditation have to do with what be call ideation .
it be always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginner describe in the mp3 file that follow after the visualisation .
find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with you leg cross .
place you hand one on top of the other in you lap , keep you back straight , eye close and tongue on the roof of you mouth .
you breathing should be calm and relaxed , through the nose .
spend a minute or so concentrate on you breath , feel the air flow through you nostril .
1 . warm sun visualization
continue to breathe slowly and deeply .
with each breath , feel the muscle in you body become light and light , and also you external motor and sensory organ be feel like they be withdraw from the world into a special inner quietness .
imagine the tension melt away as you continue breathe rhythmically and naturally .
picture yourself sit on a warm , tropical beach bask in the glow of the sun ... .
visualize the vivid , beautiful colour of the earth ( its flower and plant ) , the sea next to you , and the sky above you .
feel yourself float above the earth and sea .
as you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrate you body and make you feel warm and warm .
it surround you .
the golden ray feel soft and soothing .
now you be far above the earth - into space .
everything around you be so vast .
yet , there be warmth and a familiarity with the vastness .
you want to merge you mind with the great universal mind that surround you .
continue to ideate on this intense desire for you mind to merge with the that universal consciousness .
and while do so continue use the baba nam kevalam mantra ( breathe in with baba nam , breathe out with kevalam ) .
try this for 5 to 10 minute .
now come back to earth again - slowly .
imagine yourself sit on the beach serenely and restfully .
you muscle be loose and limp .
feel you body sink slightly into the sand make that earthly connection again .
the _ ray and warmth be still with you , surround you .
you be in a state of peace and relaxation .
with each breath , watch you body and ensure that it remain relaxed - at peace .
continue to feel the warmth of the sunlight all over you body , warm you deeply and gently .
you want to bring something back with you from you deep space experience where you sense you mind merge with the universal mind .
this will be the warmth of the sun - a close reminder and link between earth and the infinite space .
visualize the inside of you body bath in the golden light , absorb every ray and glow as radiantly as the sun .
a warm , gentle breeze swirl around you body and relax you even more .
let you mind and body be totally at peace .
now feel yourself return to where you sit ... move you hand and foot a little , stretch they .
open you eye .
2 . mountain visualization
another thing you can try .
imagine _ sit on top of a mountain , and that _ the most peaceful place you can think of .
feel that _ sit there in complete peace , right on top of the world .
now imagine that infinite happiness be surround you in every direction .
feel _ completely surround by that infinite peace and happiness .
now start to repeat within you mind the mantra : baba nam kevalam .
its meaning be " infinite happiness be everywhere " .
feel the meaning , _ just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( baba nam kevalam ) to a English meaning ( infinite peace and happiness ) .
think internally , intuitively , not by word , of the meaning , as _ repeat it .
this be call ideation .
it be important to take the idea , not just the intellectual analysis .
touch deep into the idea be what build intuition - it be a synthetic process .
whereas , try to translate and grapple with wordy meaning be a intellectual mechanism - a analytical process .
feel _ surround by infinite peace and happiness , and feel that you own sense of existence be in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you .
you can go far and feel that you unit consciousness , a dot in the infinite consciousness , be merge with infinity .
continue for as long as you like , then open you eye .
ok that be fairly basic :) .
the important point be to develop some psycho-spiritual connection between you mind and the universal consciousness or supreme consciousness .
_ worry if you have trouble concentrate on the mantra and ideation - _ normal .
it take some time and practice to be able to focus on the one thought .
the main thing be to keep practice .
if you _ practice , then nothing happen .
well maybe a miracle could happen , but _ face it _ ordinary people and so require practical day to day technique !
---
NORTH CAROLINA RELIGIOUS COALITION for MARRIAGE EQUALITY
from what we hear from the news media , one could easily conclude that all Christian be opposed to gay marriage .
but _ not the case .
last year a organization name the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality be form to get out the message that at least some people of faith be not opposed to extend the rights and responsibility of civil marriage to same - gender couple .
one of " _ " major effort be to collect signature for the attach " declaration of religious leader , " which have be and will again be present to member of the NC legislature .
it present the case for marriage equality and state , " we be resolve that the State should not interfere with same - gender couple who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibility , and commitment of civil marriage . "
a measure to amend the NC constitution to ban gay marriage be defeat last year but already have be reintroduce in the 2005 legislative session , so there be a real need for visible support for the " pro-same - gender - marriage " side of this issue .
at its February meeting the CHS Vestry vote unanimously to add they name to the declaration .
we rector Barbara and we deacon Clare also have sign the declaration .
furthermore , the Vestry vote unanimously to invite the support of member of the CHS congregation for the declaration .
( since the declaration be write as come from " religious leader , " people who _ consider themselves " religious leader " can sign as " supporter of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality . " )
please note that the declaration address only civil marriage ; it say nothing about religious belief or practice regard marriage .
if you have any question please feel free to call I ( after Saturday the 26th , when I will return from a trip ) .
sign - up list will be available at the service on February 27 and March 6 , or you can email I .
I will email name and email address ( or postal address ) of signer to NCRC4ME in time for they " lobby day " in Raleigh on March 15 .
thank you for you consideration of this issue .
for the Church of the Holy Spirit Vestry ,
Dudley Cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com
---------------------------
North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality declaration of religious leader April 19 , 2004
the most fundamental human right , after the necessity of food , clothing and shelter , be the right to affection and the supportive love of other human being .
we become most fully human when we love another person .
we can grow in we capacity to be human - to be loving - in a family unit .
this right to love and form a family be so fundamental that we United State Constitution take it for grant in its dedication to " secure the blessing of liberty to ourselves and we posterity . "
the North Carolina Constitution likewise affirm the " inalienable rights " of human being to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruit of they own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "
throughout history , tyrant have know that by deny the right of oppress people to form and nurture family , they can kill the spirit of that people .
> from the shameful history of slavery in America , the injustice of forbid people to marry be evident as a denial of a basic human right .
the American law forbid interracial marriage , now strike down , be clearly discriminatory .
denial of the status of marriage to that who would freely accept its responsibility create legal and economic inequity and social injustice .
we feel call to protest and oppose this injustice .
as religious people , clergy and lay leader , we be mandate by faith to stand for justice in we common civic life .
we oppose the use of sacred text and religious tradition to deny legal equity to same - gender couple .
as concerned citizen we affirm the liberty of adult of the same gender to love and marry .
we insist that no one , especially the state , be allow to coerce people into marriage or bar two consent adult , whether of the same or differ gender , from form the family unit that let they be more fully loving , thus more fully human .
we respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of we religious community as to the scriptural , theological and liturgical issue involve .
however , we draw on we many faith tradition to arrive at a common conviction .
we be resolve that the state should not interfere with same - gender couple who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibility , and commitment of civil marriage .
we affirm freedom of conscience in this matter .
we recognize that the state may not require religious group to officiate at , or bless , same - gender marriage .
likewise , a denial of state civil recognition dishonor the religious conviction of that community and clergy who officiate at , and bless , same - gender marriage .
the state may not favor the conviction of one religious group over another by deny individual they fundamental right to marry and to have that marriage recognize by civil law .
as faith leader , we commit ourselves to public action , visibility , education , and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry .
--
Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze , FL 850-748-0740
email : Bill McGinnis < bmc...@patriot.net >
the one reason why all American should oppose the nomination of Samuel Alito
he would tear down we system of check and balance , give far too much power to the President
my fellow American :
as many of you may have hear , President Bush have nominate a long - time federal judge name Samuel Alito to become the next member of the United State Supreme Court , to fill a vacancy create by the retirement of another member of the court .
under we constitution , this nomination _ take effect unless and until the United State Senate give its consent , as describe in we constitution , article ii , section 2 .
a copy of the constitution , with link back to the official source , be locate at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt
judge Samuel Alito be very highly qualified by all of the normal standard use to evaluate candidate for this position :
he have a very high intellect .
he graduate very high in he class , from Princeton undergraduate and from law school at Yale .
he have a long and distinguished record , include many year as a federal appeal judge , the next level below Supreme Court .
he have encyclopedic knowledge of hundred of different Supreme Court case , and he can recite detail from memory .
he demonstrate a excellent " judicial temperament , " be courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in he work , meticulous in detail .
he co-worker love he .
he fellow judge love he .
he family love he .
President Bush love he .
yes , it be true that some people _ like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .
but other people do like the way they think he will vote , and the one who favor he seem to outnumber the one who oppose he .
so now the Senate be get ready to vote soon , on whether to approve he or not ; and at this moment ( evening of January 27 , 2006 ) it look like he have more than the fifty - one vote need for approval .
the President be very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much want to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court , to be judge the case Bush be interested in .
so there be a lot of hurry - up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval .
there be a old saying that apply in this situation : " act in haste , repent at leisure . "
sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly , then regret it for many year to come .
that be what be about to happen with judge Samuel Alito , in my opinion , because he have one tragic flaw - a very serious blind spot in he thinking - which make he completely unacceptable for the position of Supreme Court justice : he do not really agree with the system of " check and balance " build into the constitution , and he be ready to start tear it down in order to follow the " Unitary Executive Theory , " which call for vastly - increase presidential power at the expense of Congress and the Supreme Court .
and because of this tragic flaw . . .
" he would tear down we system of check and balance , give far too much power to the President . "
in we constitutional system , we have three branch of the Federal Government : the legislative , executive , and judicial branch .
and the basic idea behind the check and balance we have be that if one branch of the government go crazy , the other two can hold it down .
but Samuel Alito believe in a little - know constitutional theory - call the " Unitary Executive Theory " - which say that the President should have complete control over the executive branch , and that the executive branch should be in charge of almost everything that the government actually do , include the function of the independent agency which be design to be free of presidential control , and the military , which exist , which be regulate , and which be fund by specific authority give by the constitution to Congress , not to the President .
the military be not part of the executive branch : it be a separate entity .
" Commander in Chief " _ mean that he be the boss of the military , merely that he be the administrator , just as he be the administrator of the executive branch , charge with " execute faithfully " all the law pass by Congress and all the decision render by the Supreme Court .
under the Unitary Executive Theory , the law of Congress and decision of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agree with they .
and so Congress and the Supreme Court become mere advisor to the President , with no real authority over he .
and the President become a dictator , unrestrained by anything in the constitution , back up by the armed force , which would be entirely under he personal control .
and thus the United State of America - the land of the free and the home of the brave - become just another military dictatorship , no good than Nazi Germany or fascist Italy during World War ii .
and that be why all American should oppose the nomination of Samuel Alito .
for detail and further proof , please see this website :
testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
description and link at http://www.unitaryexecutive.net
blessing to you .
may God help we all .
and may God bless America !
Rev. Bill McGinnis , director http://www.loveallpeople.org and http://www.internetchurchofchrist.org
copy of this message be locate below .
if you want to help , please send they to everyone you know who need to read they .
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt
###
contact William McGinnis ( Rev. Bill McGinnis ) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave # 2543 Alexandria , VA 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net
reply
NASA & company diplomacy - try to keep moon landing hoax a secret in modern time
some strategy be use by NASA & company in relation to China and other space plan country be mention here after be glean from a news item underneath .
country have a independent strategy = NASA & company to use " numero uno " strategy , try to assert , beat , mesh and control the space program of the country .
this can also be through political , economical , social , and technological influence .
country not open or not have fix strategy = NASA & company to use " freeze thawed " strategy especially when the country have a challenging , grow and ambitious space program .
this can also be through political , economical , social , and technological influence .
dependant = NASA & company to use " space station " model to unify the aim of different country .
this be really a end goal aim of NASA & company and also do not allow anyone challenge the moon landing hoax .
the target for NASA & Company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program country shift towards this model , through the propaganda of another moon mission ; deliberately fail this or try hard for another moon landing hoax ; achieve the real aim of space unity between space program of other country .
China launch its second manned spaceflight mission
secretive effort keep outsider in the dark about the _ goal
by MARK CARREAU
copyright 2005 Houston Chronicle
Reuters
China launch Shenzhou VI , its second manned spacecraft , early today in northwest _ Gansu Province .
a pair of military pilot embark on _ second manned space flight early today , hurtle into orbit on a test mission that could span five day .
the crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft be identify as Fei Junlong , 40 , and Nie Haishen , 41 , by _ official news agency .
the successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China follow the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003 .
he one - day mission vault he communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nation - Russia and the United State - that can launch and sustain human in space .
most expert believe China intend to develop a small space station of its own over the next several year .
but they remain uncertain about whether China aim to beat the United State to the moon in its secretive space effort .
President Bush have direct NASA to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human explorer .
_ " be not a fly - by - night program , " say Joan Johnson - Freese , a expert on national security who follow space development in the Asian nation at the Naval War College in Newport , R.I .
" they be not in any hurry .
they want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese say .
" they be not go to rush it , because they _ want it to be a budget buster .
economics will be a big determiner in the speed of they program . "
_ overture to join the U.S. - lead effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have be thwart for more than a decade over a range of issue , include the Asian _ human rights policy and worry it could acquire technology that could pose a security threat .
the freeze thaw some after _ 2003 mission .
China be among 30 nation invite to send a delegate to NASA - sponsor roundtable discussion on _ strategy to reach the moon with astronaut as the first step in the exploration of Mars and other - deep space destination .
" we applaud _ space achievement , " NASA spokesman Allard Beutel say Tuesday .
" we wish they a successful return of they astronaut . "
he stress , however , that NASA would not follow this _ Chinese mission through formal channel .
at present , there be no plan for additional meeting with foreign power to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend a invitation to China to join the space station partnership , Beutel say .
the flight of Fei and Nie could mark the end of the open chapter in a three - phase Chinese space initiative , Johnson - Freese say .
the first phase , she say , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two flier return to Earth .
the Chinese _ second phase will include spacewalk on future mission and demonstration of docking and undocking technique .
the final phase will feature the assembly and operation of a long - duration space lab .
at least one expert believe _ intention might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronaut before _ plan lunar return .
" the American would be wise to plan accordingly , " say John E. Pike , director of the Alexandria , Va. - base globalsecurity.org , a small national security think tank .
" there be always the possibility they could jam we up , make we look like we be not numero uno , " Pike say .
during the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War , NASA score a early coup by circle the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holiday .
as it turn out , the Soviet never make it to the moon .
" ( China ) could be the second country to do that , " Pike say .
" they would get in line in front of the Russian .
and they would not have to land on the moon to take we down a notch . "
_ concern be base on _ development of a new medium - lift rocket , the Long March V , and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea .
the two development , he say , could eventually enable _ space program to mature to the point that expert could assemble and launch from _ orbit a spacecraft capable of circle the moon with astronaut and return home .
mark.carr...@chron.com
email : " righter " < righ...@sonic.net >
group : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards
_ a member of a local animal rights news , and get regular email from other member and the staff .
recently , I read a email that report the horrific nightmare civet cat go through by sick loser who put they in shed and heat the inside of the shed up to 110 degree with fire , so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of they genitals and sell it to corrupt corporation who use it to prolong the scent of perfume .
the animal eventually die , which be because this demon be so greedy , they want as much of they " product " as they can get , instead of let the cat go after a point , as a act of humanity , mercy , love .
below I paste the email text , and it have a link to a website that automatically play this song the author of the email create .
it have _ " meowing " for the vocal , and you might really find yourself in that furnace , feel and think that terrible feeling and thought that this cat do before they die .
right now , while _ sit at we computer enjoy the internet , that innocent , beautiful , loving cat , be die , somewhere in this troubled world a slow , agonizing death .
the main reason I write this post be to ask anyone read this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this cat holocaust .
I be serious about do something .
if I love cat so much , why _ I do something ???
I _ want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I _ do anything like this in my life .
any suggestion would be appreciate .
_ the text of the email :
hi there ,
I read the civet cat story from a little while ago , and tonight , when my mom email I about it , I re-read it , and go to the website with the song the author of the email create .
well , sure enough , when I hear the cat " meow , " I imagine the hellish moment this poor beautiful creature of God be live , what go on in they tiny , sweet little mind , and decide that I want to do something about this torture .
so , if anyone can give I some advice , _ sure appreciate it !
I think for starter , myself and that of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for they .
I will .
_ paste the email for that who _ see or would like to re-read it .
_ also get the website where the song have be upload .
I be think , that while _ sit here , relax and enjoy myself , that poor innocent animal be be cook to death with heat in that holocaust-esque death chamber .
and what be I do about it ?
from : Travis Job < t...@sonic.net >
date : Thursday , 11 March 2004 02:39:27 - 0800
to : SPAR < s...@sonic.net >
subject : civet cat , James Rachels + a song
this be my first time post to the list , so I feel somewhat embarrassed by " promote " a song I write , but I think it be fitting because it be directly tie to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy , but a abundance of human greed .
_ not sure if any of you know much about civet cat , but to brief that who might not know , I will quote James Rachels , author of World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights - relate book and article .
( I kind of see he to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer be to the theory of utilitarianism apply to non-human animal ) .
the quote be from a article entitle " Vegetarianism and ` the Other Weight Problem ' "
if anyone want the complete article , email I , as it be a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense they own hypocrisy .
but this be what he say about civet cat :
" as a example , consider the treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and sociable animal .
civet cat be trap and place in small cage inside darken shed , where the temperature be keep up to 110 F by fire .
they be confine in this way until they finally die .
what justify this extraordinary mistreatment ?
this animal have the misfortune to produce a substance that be useful in the manufacture of perfume .
musk , which be scrape from they genitals once a day for as long as they can survive _ , make the scent of perfume last a bit long after each application .
( the heat increase they " production " of musk . )
here _ rule -- " animal be merely means to a end ; that end be man " -- be apply with a vengeance .
to promote one of the most trivial interest we have , thousand of animal be torment for they whole life . "
this article , and specifically this piece , effect I enough to try to build a song around the topic .
if anyone be interested in listen to this song , and in offer they opinion , whether it be positive or negative , _ appreciate it .
but I also hope no one feel any obligation to download , especially if you have a internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .
the url for the song be http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/tragicore-thecivetcat.mp3
although there be no human vocal / lyric , I think it subject matter be audible .
again , if anyone want to read _ entire article , let I know .
_ also on the net .
I be already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it be one of the big factor for I in go completely vegan .
I hope all be well .
farewell for now ...
Travis Job
icq uin : 5249025
" note to Wigner : do you think you friend could feed my cat ?
Heisenberg _ sure .
thanks ,
-- Shrodinger "
-------------------
.: go vegan :.
make thousand !!! --
this be not a scam !!!
I find this on a bulletin board and decide to try it : I _ care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually say .
all I say be , it work .
continue pre-fab crap .
well guess what !!!
within seven day , I start get money in the mail !!
I be shocked !!
I figure it would end soon , but the money just keep come in .
in my first week , I make about $ 25.00 .
by the end of the second week I have make a total of more than $ 1000.00 !!
in the third week I have more than $ 10000.00 and _ still grow !!
this be now my fourth week and I have make a total of $ 42000.00 and _ still come rapidly .
_ certainly worth $ 6.00 and six stamp , and I have spend more than that on the lottery without ever win !!!
let I tell you how this work and most important , why it work ..........
also make sure you print this out now , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .
I promise you that if you follow the direction exactly then you will start make more money than you think possible by do something so easy !!
suggestion : read this entire message carefully !!
( print it out or download it )
follow the simple direction and watch the money come in !!
_ easy .
_ legal .
and , you investment be only $ 6.00 ( plus postage ) !!!
important :
this be not a rip - off , it be decent ; _ legal ; and it be virtually no risk - it really work !!
if all the follow instruction be adhere to , you will receive extraordinary dividend .
please note :
please follow the direction exactly , and $ 50000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 day .
this program remain successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participant .
please continue its success by carefully adhere to the instruction .
you will now become a part of the mail order business .
you be in the business of develop mailing list .
many large corporation be happy to pay big buck for quality list .
however , the money make from the mailing list be secondary to income which be make from people like you and I ask to be include in that list .
here be the four easy step to success .
step one :
get six separate piece of paper and write the follow on each piece of paper " please put I on you mailing list . "
now get 6 U.S. $ 1.00 bill and place one inside of each of the six piece of paper so the bill will not be see through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .
next , place one paper in each of the six envelope and seal they .
you now should have six seal envelope , each with a piece of paper state the above phrase , you name and address , and a $ 1.00 bill .
what you be do be create a service .
this be absolutely legal !!!! !
you be request a legitimate service and you be pay for it !!
like most of we I be a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspect of it all .
so I check it out with the U.S. Post Office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirm that it be indeed legal !!
mail the six envelope to the follow address :
1 ) G. Burrows 1 / 264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia
2 ) S Luest p.o. box 366 Garden Grove , CA 92842 USA
3 ) G. V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St , # 1 Brooklyn , NY 11222 USA
4 ) R. Ansems Gen. Foulkesstraat 5 4641 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands
5 ) W. Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite # 31 Columbus , Ohio 43228
step two : now take the # 1 name off the list that you see above , move the other name up ( six become 5 , 5 become 4 , and etc. ) and add you name as number 6 on the list .
step three :
change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .
now post you amend article to at least 200 news group . :
( I think there be close to 24000 group )
all you need be 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!
this be perfectly legal !!
if you have any doubt , refer to title 18 sec. 1302 & 1341 of the postal lottery law .
keep a copy of this step for yourself and whenever you need money , you can use it again , and again .
please remember that this program remain successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participant and by they carefully adhere to direction .
look at it this way .
if you be of integrity , the program will continue and the money that so many other have receive will come you way .
note : you may want to retain every name and address send to you , either on a computer or hard copy and keep the note people send you .
this verify that you be truly provide a service .
( also , it might be a good idea to wrap the $ 1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft ) .
so , as each post be download and the direction carefully follow , all member will be reimburse for they participation as a list developer with one dollar each .
you name will move up the list geometrically so that when you name reach the # 1 position you will be receive thousand of dollar in cash !!!
what a opportunity for only $ 6.00 ( $ 1.00 for each of the first six people list above )
send it now , add you own name to the list and _ in business !!!
***** direction for how to post to news group !!! *****
step one : you do not need to re-type this entire letter to do you own posting .
simply put you cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag you cursor to the bottom of this document , and select ' copy ' from the edit menu .
this will copy the entire letter into the _ memory .
step two :
open a blank ' notepad ' file and place you cursor at the top of the blank page .
from the ' edit ' menu select ' paste ' .
this will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add you name to the list .
step three :
save you new notepad file as a text file .
if you want to do you posting in different setting , _ always have this file to go back to .
step four :
visit message board and post this article as a new message by highlight the text of this letter and select paste from the edit menu .
fill in the subject , this will be the header that everyone see as they scroll through the list of posting in a particular group , click the post message button .
_ done .
congratulation !!!!!!
_ it !!
all you have to do , and it really work !!!
good wish
Blue Planet : _ afraid of Big Bad Wolf ?
by Dan Whipple
UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
Boulder , CO , February 23 ( UPI ) --
ever since he eat up Red Riding _ grandma and blow down the house of two - third of the Three Little Pig , the Big Bad Wolf have hold a persistently bad reputation .
in part because of that reputation , the gray wolf be nearly exterminate from the low 48 state by the 1920 , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in _ Lake Superior .
the last wolf be kill in Yellowstone National Park in 1943 .
western sheep and cattle rancher , on whose behalf this extermination campaign be conduct , gratefully dust they hand of the wolf and write he off as a job well do .
they sheep could graze , they cow could ruminate and never a discouraging word would be hear .
after the major kill - off , wolf outside of Alaska and Canada exist mostly as legend .
like ufo or Sasquatch , several people claim to see fleeting lone wolf , usually in Yellowstone .
in the 1960 , a group shoot a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly import some captive wolf , then release they when they shooting be done .
if so , this happy band have not be hear from since .
rumor also have it some renegade biologist bring a cage pair to Yellowstone and release they into the wild sometime in the 1970 , hope to reestablish a breed population .
if true , the caper fail .
over time , the _ absence seem to rehabilitate its image .
eventually , a trickle of support appear for bring the predator back to its former home range in the northern Rocky Mountain .
this trickle grow into a flood , result in 14 wolf be reintroduce in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still - continue objection of rancher .
this wolf pack have flourish , and now there be a estimate 850 wolf roam the northern Rocky , where merely 10 year ago there be none .
one compelling argument for reintroduction be the wolf act as a keystone predator , a animal that affect the population , behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .
some recent research conduct by Oregon State University have give considerable credence to this idea .
OSU forestry professor William Ripple and Robert Beschta have find that wolf actually promote stream - bank stabilization , although they have give the phenomenon the unfortunate name of " the ecology of fear " -- something that smack of the horrible pr result from the _ relationship with Riding Hood and the Three Pig .
they explain that elk in Yellowstone use to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow grow near the bank of stream , a behavior that prevent the sapling from reach mature stage and increase the possibility of soil erosion .
since reintroduction , however , Ripple and Beschta have find , fear of the wolf apparently have discourage the elk from spend too much time at stream bank -- where they be out in the open -- and munch on the sapling .
" all you have to do be look at the photograph , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , tell _ Blue Planet ,
" you say , ' wow ! '
a area that use to be bald as a billiard ball be now a sea of willow . "
this simple change have trigger a veritable ecological cascade in Yellowstone .
more streamside willow and aspen have mean good habitat for beaver , for instance .
where there have be only one beaver colony in the _ northern range before the wolf return , now there be nine .
" it may be uninteresting to a lot of people , " Beschta tell Blue Planet .
" _ a lot of impact on plant and they say , ' who care ? '
but _ be look at streamside community .
since wolf recovery , streamside plant , willow and cottonwood provide food for other critter -- beaver , a whole variety of avian species , berry - produce shrub that bear can use .
_ important with regard to the quality of stream .
the plant provide shade and root strength for bank stability .
plant be critical to wildland ecosystem . "
Yellowstone have a vast elk herd , one of the large in the world .
Bangs say although the number of elk have not decline very much since the wolf come back , they behavior appear markedly different .
" _ pretty suspicious of make broad generalization , " however , he caution .
" wolf be still pretty new .
_ only be there for 10 year .
in 10 more year _ have a good idea . "
wolf reintroduction in the northern Rocky have be so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service have move to reduce the _ status from endangered to threatened and , eventually , to remove it from the endangered species list altogether .
Bangs say the agency have establish viable wolf pack in the northern Rocky , as require by federal regulation .
some conservationist want the protection extend so wolf can move into other state , include Colorado , Utah and Oregon , among other .
on January 31 , Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appear to agree with they .
he vacate the FWS decision to downgrade the _ status .
Bangs say he agency be still review the decision .
regardless of the _ legal status , its future expansion into new area now seem likely .
wolf can migrate considerable distance .
a Yellowstone wolf be find dead , hit by a car , on a Colorado highway last year , several hundred mile from home .
meanwhile , he reputation seem to be improve , although Bangs note a " pretty interesting social dynamic . "
there be only about 850 wolf in the west , but there be a estimate 31000 mountain lion .
pound for pound , mountain lion eat more game and more livestock than wolf .
they even occasionally attack people , which wolf do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brother Grimm .
yet people seem willing -- even eager -- to accommodate mountain lion , despite the risk .
it remain to be see whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arrive gray wolf .
regard that rumor about wolf live in Yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction ?
they seem to be just that : rumor .
true , there be about 300000 wolf and wolf hybrid keep as pet in the United State .
it also be likely people have release some of this animal into the wild hope they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in Glacier Park catch someone in this very act not long ago .
Bangs say this animal be not equip to survive in the wild , however , and they all almost certainly have die .
he say after 10 year of dna testing on northern Rocky wolf , scientist have not find a single strain that do not belong to one of the wolf the agency release -- or they descendant .
--
Blue Planet be a weekly series examine the relationship of human to the environment , by veteran environmental reporter Dan Whipple .
e-mail : sciencem...@upi.com
climate : human fuss , animal adjust
by Dan Whipple
UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
Boulder , CO , November 15 ( UPI ) --
scientist can argue all they want about how many degree Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet be warm and what the trend portend , but meanwhile _ plant , insect and animal be not wait for the outcome .
they already be alter they pattern of behavior in response to what be happen .
it turn out one of the sure barometer of the warm climate be the response of the non-human natural world to change condition , and biologist who study the response have be aware for some year the biosphere be acknowledge global warming .
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , publish a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science on she 61 - year uninterrupted phenological record .
phenology study a _ development and life cycle -- the pulse of life .
_ record of 300 phenophase find that even prior to 1999 , spring be arrive in high latitudes several week early than in the early year of she data .
bird arrive soon on they migration from the south and plant flower early .
the eastern phoebe be show up about 20 day before it use to .
the forest phlox be bloom in late April instead of mid-May .
half of the 300 phenophase Leopold track show a response consistent with warming .
in England , the cuckoo return early .
a analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom show about one - third be lay they egg four to seven day early than they do 25 year ago .
" one of the major , most well - document and robust finding in ecology over the past century have be the crucial role of climate in determine the geographical distribution of species and ecological community , " conclude a report title " observe Impact of Global Climate Change in the United State , " release by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week .
Pew researcher look at about 40 study that could provide a assessment of whether climate be affect biology .
" half of the study provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change , " say Camille Parmesan , a University of Texas - Austin biologist and one of the _ lead expert on this issue .
this change be occur across all species , Parmesan tell _ Climate .
" across the United State , the northern edge of _ range be expand , " she say .
Parmesan have spend much of she career study the checkerspot butterfly , which migrate between Mexico and southern California .
some localize extinction already have occur across some of its habitat .
" empirical research point to climate as be a strong driver , " she say .
" there have be large number of population extinction in Mexico and southern California in area where the habitat be still acceptable . "
accord to _ early study , one extinction event , for instance , be trigger when a checkerspot population migrate north prematurely , rely on a warm temperature signal , then be catch in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat .
throughout the United State , she say , " spring be about two week early .
tree swallow be nest nine day early .
tropical species have move up to Florida and the Gulf Coast .
bird and butterfly watcher be see many , many new species come up from Mexico and the Caribbean . "
as the Pew report conclude , " sufficient study now exist to conclude that the consequence of climate change be already detectable within U.S. ecosystem . "
such consequence include shifting and , in some case , contraction of range and change in species composition within ecosystem .
the report also find alteration of ecosystem process such as carbon cycling and storage .
the alaskan tundra , for instance , have switch from be a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorb and store more carbon from the atmosphere than it release -- to " be a net source of co2 ( release more carbon than be store ) because warm winter have allow dead plant matter previously store in the soil to decompose and release co2 . "
the Pew report coincide with the release in Iceland of the " Arctic Climate Impact Assessment . "
the ACIA -- with participation by the United State , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , the Russian Federation and Sweden -- be begin in 2000 .
" the impact of global warming be affect people now in the Arctic , " say ACIA chair Robert Corell .
" the Arctic be experience some of the most rapid and severe climate change on Earth .
the impact of climate change on the region and the globe be project to increase substantially in the year to come . "
the ACIA find arctic winter temperature have increase 4 degree to 7 degree Fahrenheit in the last 50 year and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 year .
arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment find , with some model predict complete disappearance of summer sea ice .
" should the Arctic Ocean become ice - free in summer , it be likely that polar bear and some seal species would be drive toward extinction , " the report conclude .
as with so much climate research , not everyone agree with this dire prediction .
a third report , " the Impact of Climate Change : a Appraisal for the Future , " complete by the Britain - base International Policy Network and release almost simultaneously with the other two , fall somewhat into that category .
on the one hand , the IPN report agree " climate model generally predict that the temperature rise in the Arctic will substantially exceed the global rise .
this apply especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover be expect to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase . "
on the other hand , the report think the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fishery .
" the impact of global warming on fish stock and fishery be hard to judge , " the IPN report say .
" a warming of the magnitude predict be more likely than not to be beneficial to the fishery of the North Atlantic . "
the important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod , haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several type of flatfish and crustacean -- such as the Norway lobster .
important species that probably would decline include shrimp , capelin , Greenland halibut and some variety of flatfish .
hide in this laundry list -- and in the pile of study examine by the Pew researcher -- be one of the fundamental chasm divide participant in the global warming debate .
the IPN report examine commercial fish species , but it neglect important non-commercial animal , such as seal and polar bear .
in a limited economic sense , therefore , the organization can argue warming might be a good thing .
the problem be whether one care what happen to the polar bear , checkerspot butterfly and other unconsumable .
the Pew researcher try to transcend the economic argument .
they assume a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species , and in do so render the warming news a bit less rosy .
this tug - of - war over calculate economic value be the one that ultimately will have to be decide by human , because animal and plant can adjust only so much .
" when dandelion have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pasture , it be time to listen for the final proof of spring , " write Aldo Leopold in " a Sand County Almanac . "
" sit down on a tussock , cock you ear at the sky , dial out the bedlam of meadowlark and redwing , and soon you may hear it : the flight of the upland plover , just now back from the Argentine . "
or maybe not .
--
Climate be a weekly series by UPI examine the impact of global climate change .
e-mail sciencem...@upi.com
preamble from BBC lead to the comment further below .
feel free to cut and paste and leave you comment , as this viewpoint cover the entire gamut surround the event .
---->===}*{===<----
how have Katrina change the US ?
what will be the last effect of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learn from the response ?
relief agency be try to help hundred of thousand of displace people while authority have vow to restore security in New Orleans follow a breakdown of law and order .
in the world press , commentator predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US be perceive at home and abroad , especially follow the scene of poverty and racial division they believe the disaster have reveal .
meanwhile , President George W Bush have say he will lead a inquiry into how the disaster be handle .
how have Katrina change the US ?
have it alter you life ?
have the disaster affect the way other country view the US ?
send we you comment use the form .
---->===}*{===<----
some of the good comment :
" as a American , I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the ' USA and Bush basher ' that I be appal at the number of ' ally ' that be use this disaster as they podium to spread they useless opinion .
what you see in New Orleans be a perfect example of the downfall of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know be the true problem .
you have see the picture .
you people think it be race , but it be not .
it be the welfare society that be New Orleans . "
-- Paul , Atlanta , USA
" I be frankly revolt by the response of the Bush - basher ; " sorry chap , but you do have it come ... "
the plain fact be that Bush have a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of he detractor .
at least he _ use this disaster for cheap political point - scoring . "
-- Mac , Nottingham
" I do not feel it have change the US citizen which be what be need , even now the majority want " gas " despite the fact they be pollute the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to stop , perhaps this natural disaster , which _ face it look like a product of global warming , will change they view , why not pick thing up with you hand and walk with you leg , other people in the world do it , " gas " be not the be all and end all ! "
-- David , Kent
< this man have clearly never visit the US .
distance be not what they be in the old world .
here , car be absolutely necessary , and _ have to have one , too .
- Juggernaut >
" the US will work its way through the loss of a city and we be make progress after seven short day .
thank you for you concern , but Europe be still irrelevant . "
-- John B , Windermere , Florida
< John can come over to eat at my house anytime .
- Juggernaut >
it be always interesting what spin the press will take .
certainly , representation of the US in other country will have a certain depiction .
I _ believe that folk who believe that America be the land of opportunity will change they view from this recent news .
I have a friend who come here from Bulgaria after win a green card in a lottery .
yes , she and she family be delighted to leave the communistic remnant in that country .
she husband become a citizen of the US just the week before last .
( believe it or not , it take a minimum of 5 year to apply . )
the country which be give to America to aid be a great example of the seed that America have sow through the year with other nation .
now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue ...
you know , _ live in the Dallas / Fort Worth metroplex most of my life .
when not in Texas , I live in LA and San Francisco .
there be a lot of racial diversity in all of this place ... and _ vacation through the south ... visit my folk when they live in Mississippi , and where they live now and be in the racial minority be white ( less than 20 % ) in northeastern Arkansas .
the fact be , when I begin travel for business to New England , when I first visit my in - law in Montana and Idaho , I be shocked at the lack of racial diversity .
I _ expect to react that way , but when I be look around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else look pretty much like I , it be really very eerie .
so , yes , America have pocket that be more diverse than other .
additionally , review the standing of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stake , _ find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 state .
unfortunately , that leave behind to be film , be that without transportation or means .
some refuse to leave , but so many be unable to .
yes , _ a valid reflection of America - we do have city like this .
however , New Orleans also have many affluent people , people who leave town early as they have the means .
I _ know if this will change other _ perception of America .
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .
I do know that this will change the face of America .
I expect that many of the displace people ( that affluent and that not ) will remain in the place they be evacuate to .
the 1.25 million people who have be house in stadium and convention center across Texas will begin to populate Houston , Dallas , San Antonio and Galveston , and the surround area .
sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get job and temporary housing , they may be shy about return .
_ interested in what America will look like in 5 year .
will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people be offer job there ?
or will the nearly year - round snow be too much for that who have never experience snow in they life ?
will the housing market in Dallas begin boom like the rest of the nation have due to the influx of buyer ?
will business that be new in 2005 have become a household name due to they effort in rebuild the gulf coast ?
what will the federal government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market ?
this be some of the thing _ be wonder ...
Linna
response come soon .
you reply be good and deserve something good in return .
Juggernaut
okay , _ new to this forum and really _ like Bush , so my view point be slanted and I admit that .
I rarely listen to the news or to what politician or lawyer say because so many tell lie that none have credibility so _ the point ?
what I know be that I have a close friend whose aunt disappear in New Orleans .
my friend _ have computer capability , so I spend the day search and post online .
the family here ( California ) want to fly any family member from there to CA , so they could remain here until thing get straighten out down there .
the cousin could not be find because no one be sure of they married name .
the hope be that anyone look for the aunt would see the family post and know that help be available .
it be October 6 , and not one family member have be locate .
what I see be dozen of school bus submerge that could have be use to evacuate people who have no transportation .
what I hear be the Mayor of New Orleans , say that he _ order the bus or anything else to be use because he be wait on someone else to tell he what to do .
when common sense take a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?
recently , Bush address the nation .
about 30 seconds into he address , he start flog the terrorist issue just one more time .
ironically he almost burst out laugh and it be all he could do to keep he mirth down to a barely control smirk .
even he _ believe that he be trot out this old saw again .
I guess if you have a schtick that be a resounding success once , you _ help but trot it out every time you act be go sour .
meanwhile , every pocket that can be line be golden and the poor be shunt off radar yet again .
the gall of it all be that Bush be stump for more money to build more refinery , when what he should do be pour money into make the US independent of OPEC or crude oil altogether _ .
we have the technology ; if you be go to spend billion of dollar tout " freedom " why not spend that billion make all of we free ?
free of polution , free of oil dependency , and free of big business that be bleed we dry for the short term good ( theirs ) .
_ sorry he make I want to puke so I shut he off .
in the meanwhile there be still break family that should have be safe in the home of the brave .
for that who believe ....................
Aries in 2005 - flexibility
if you want a motto for 2005 , the good one to adopt would be " go with the flow . "
2005 will be a year of up and downs , and only the flexible will be able to keep from go crazy !
all Aries native may have to tighten they belt and curb they desire for constant expansion .
you may need to play it cool and curb you spending .
_ be among the first to seize upon new societal trend to create new opportunity for yourself , as you creativity will be at a all - time high .
you will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual , and other will identify enthusiastically with you vision .
if you want to start a new creative project or business venture , you imagination will be work overtime .
2005 could find you do well career-wise - and aspire to climb even high .
Taurus in 2005 - tenacity
" diligence " be the key word for you , Taurus .
with hard work and focus , you will attain at least one important aspiration that have be on you agenda for a long time .
this be the year _ want to take stock of you career and ask yourself if _ do the work you want to do for the rest of you life .
as the year progress , the more impressive you idea and work become .
as a result , you finances improve - and you newfound confidence could attract new love into you life .
by the end of the year , you will have a whole new network of friend and group activity , stimulate new idea and take up you social life a notch or two .
Gemini in 2005 - success
you cycle of learn through the school of hard knock have come to a end , Gemini , and now _ go to start reap the reward this " lesson " have leave in they wake .
as 2005 progress , the road ahead will become clear .
you now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .
this leap and bound forward include love and creativity .
you learning of concept of all kind combine with extensive group activity , bring you mind into a whole new space this year .
by the end of 2005 _ have a whole new start with regard to you career and you earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off !
Cancer in 2005 - balance
find a balance between you personal and professional life may be one of the _ strong challenge .
for the most part , you outward life this year will go in fit and start - alternate period of intense activity with time of welcome rest .
enjoy the restful period when you can .
the active one will be hectic !
_ be make radical change in you work habit , but _ be a lot happy for it , and in the end _ know it be worth it .
you love life be full , and any dissatisfaction with career and money matter fade into the background .
by the end of 2005 , _ feel more confident , more determined , and far more capable of make the mountain come to you !
Leo in 2005 - abundance
pursue a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantage , will be easy this year than it have in a long time for you , Leo !
the most difficult thing might be decide which path mean the most to you , and where to put you focus .
_ be able to create opportunity for advancement almost out of thin air .
romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember - and _ be the envy of all you friend .
love come willingly and easily .
money may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time .
yet , this be no comparison to the advancement _ make overall , and by the end of 2005 , _ look back in sheer wonder and happiness .
Virgo in 2005 - perseverance
you working life might not go so smoothly this year , Virgo .
for much of 2005 , _ be put you nose to the grindstone .
on the bright side , you finances will be pretty stable .
just _ take it for grant - you still need to be cautious this year .
you love life will thrive for most of the year , and any relationship begin or reaffirm in 2005 be very likely to be a lasting one .
and , _ go to develop a hopeless romantic streak .
in spite of a lot of worry over you career , by the _ end , _ see that 2005 have fill you life with prosperity and accomplishment .
Libra in 2005 - expansion
flex you muscle , friend Libra , and prepare for a relatively easy ride .
with beneficent Jupiter in you sign , this be definitely you year , especially where you social life be concerned .
happiness and enjoyment lie ahead .
if _ not presently married , and want to be , you just might wed by the end of the year .
this be the year _ go to be do a lot of travel and learn about you world , as expansion be the theme .
the one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as _ like could be you career , where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare .
by _ end , you may find yourself seriously consider a major change - all for the good .
Scorpio in 2005 - transmutation
Scorpio , you can still expect change - perhaps major one - in you life this year , almost to the point of total transformation .
while this be most apparent in the area of you career , _ see it show up in other important aspect of you life .
you life might take on a entirely new direction _ never dream of .
you may also change you residence during the year .
whether you start the year as a single person look for a partner , or _ be married for many year , happiness in love do lie ahead .
be prepared for new horizon .
they may not be familiar , but they will be fascinating .
_ cling to the bank ; instead , flow with the tide in 2005 .
Sagittarius in 2005 - empowerment
be you prepared to handle absolute power ?
if not , you will be soon !
you rule planet , Jupiter , will be in a special relationship with Pluto - call " mutual reception " - in 2005 .
_ so much punch pack into this combination that _ almost scary .
_ find the ultimate power be the ability to choose you own destiny .
_ find practical way of increase you effectiveness in the world by gain new skill that allow you to live more abundantly .
by the second half of the year , you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight financial bind that have hinder you over the past two year .
and , a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like , for the rest of you life .
overall , 2005 be sure to be a year you _ forget .
Capricorn in 2005 - resolution
_ get plenty of lucky break head you way in 2005 , friend Capricorn .
the long await relief _ need in you love life be around the corner , and by the end of the year you will feel much clear about you partnership in general .
financially , it could be a lean year , although some advance planning can help you weather the storm .
you career opportunity will expand exponentially , and _ likely to change job or position this year .
at time , the pressure on you job and home life may seem unbearable , but rest assure you will come through this strong - and wise - than ever , as more be reveal and resolve in 2005 .
Aquarius in 2005 - magic
2005 see you expand you intuitive and psychic skill even more , Aquarius .
the mystery of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you , as you apply you mystical awareness to the important decision upcoming in you life , especially concern partnership of all kind .
2005 be bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and you career will be brim with new enthusiasm and innovation .
not only that , but travel , adventure , and personal expansion infuse fresh energy into all area of you life .
by _ end , you creative decision - making will have carry you to whole new peak - and a whole new view from above .
Pisces in 2005 - self - confidence
_ a big year for you , friend Pisces .
no doubt , in 2005 _ find yourself push more and more out into the world .
_ experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friend .
expect lot of surprise and lucky break this year , with Uranus bring the unexpected in you career , you love life , and the world in general .
at some point during the year , you could pick up a financial windfall , hear of a great career opportunity , or unexpectedly meet the love of you life .
_ important that you take retreat and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in you personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .
remain calm and confident , and love be very likely to flourish in 2005 .
" expect the unexpected , " and enjoy the ride !
" success come before work " only in the dictionary
Mayur ? < >
get mail everyday < >
share you mail < mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com > mayur...@yahoo.com
sm I ... 09819602175
talk to I < ymsgr:sendim?mayursha&__hi+mayur... >
[ send offline as well ]
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1
1 k download
-------------------------------------------------------------
the mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed be name for the mysterious neoplatonic Italian painter Raphael Sanzio who paint _ St. George fight the Dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )
[ ]
----------------------------------------------------------------------
like William Shakspere RAPHAEL ( the painter ) die on he April birthday Laura & _ day :
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
ARCHILOCHUS solar eclipse : April 6 , 648 bc Friday
Koran descend to Earth : April 6 , 610 ad Monday
_ St. Methodius die : April 6 , 884 Monday
Petrarch meet LAURA : April 6 , 1327 Monday
DURER die : April 6 , 1528 Monday
BRIDGET _ birth : April 6 , 1584 Monday
Sir Francis Walsingham die : April 6 , 1590 Monday
" native of Crete " EL GRECO die : April 7 , 1614 Monday
{ LUCIO : do BRIDGET paint still , Pompey , ha ?
[ MfM act 3 , sc. 2 ] }
LAURA die of plague : April 6 , 1348 Sunday
RAPHAEL bear : April 6 , 1483 Sunday
RAPHAEL die : April 6 , 1520 Good Friday
Thomas _ birth : April 5 , 1588 Good Friday
start of _ the SOUND & the FURY _ : April 6 , 1928 Good Friday
Kent EARTHQUAKE : April 6 , 1580 Wednesday
historian John Stow die : April 6 , 1605 Saturday / Wednesday .
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
<< upon the sixth of April , Alexander the Great be bear .
upon the same day he conquer Darius , win a great victory at sea , & die the same day .
neither be this day less fortunate to he father Philip ; for on the same day he take Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
ANTONIO PEREZ 1535 - 1611 [ Philip _ renegade Secretary of State ]
<< in " _ _ lose " we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .
a Spanish refugee , Antonio Perez , visit England in 1593 and become acquainted with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon , with whom for a time he seem to have be on term of intimacy , which do not last very long , for the Spaniard develop so much affectation & bombast that he become unpopular in court circle .
in 1594 PEREZ write & publish a book under the assume name of " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "
in the play Holofernes be ridicule Don Adriana " the traveler from Spain " and say of he : " he be too picked , too spruce , too affected , too odd , as it be , too peregrinate , as I may call it . "
- act 5 , scene 1 .
to make the reference more pointed and unmistakable , Sir Nathaniel reply " a most singular & choice epithet , " and at once enter it in he note book .
this parody on _ sobriquet clearly identify PEREZ with Armatho . >>
----------------------------------------------------------------
Shakespeare Electronic Conference , vol. 6 , no. 0832 . Monday , 23 October 1995 .
from : Martin Green < mgr...@usa.pipeline.com >
date : Sunday , 22 October 1995 10:57:32 - 0400
subject : re : fact , purpose of list , Italy , Jew
<< there be no Jew in England to speak of in the 1590' .
true , but two in England that we know of be a part of the Essex entourage : Dr. Lopez , who have be physician to _ step - father , the Earl of Leicester , have apparently treat the young Essex for some socially unacceptable ailment , and Antonio Perez , who be a guest at Essex House in the early 1590' .
to be sure , both Lopez & Perez be converso -- but they be think of in England as be , as they undoubtedly be , at least ethnically , Jew . >>
---------------------------------------------------------------------
<< Doctor RODERIGO LOPEZ ( 1525 - 1594 ) be the Portugese Jewish doctor accuse by Essex of try to poison Queen Elizabeth .
the 69 year old Dr. Lopez be find guilty and be summarily hang and quarter on June 7 , 1594 at Tyburn .
long before ( September 1560 ) Dr. Lopez have be the personal house doctor of Robert Dudley and the good doctor be obligate to write the death certificate for Amy Robsart ( state that she have " accidentally " fall down the stair ) .
that same year ( 1560 ) a Spanish priest name Ruy Lopez handily beat all comer at a chess tournament in Rome .
_ 1561 book " libro de la invencion liberal y arte del juego del acedraz " become the classic on chess opening , include the one that bear he name .
-------------------------------------------------------------------
chess history 1530 - 1647
[ ]
1530 LOPEZ , Ruy b. in Zafra , Spain .
Spanish priest & lead player .
1533 Atahualpa , inca emperor of peru , imprison & learn chess .
1542 LEONARDO , Giovanni ( a.k.a. Il Puttino / the Boy ) bear in Calaria .
1550 Valdiviesco , Don Antonio de , Bishop of Nicaragua , assassinate while play chess in he palace at Leon .
1551 Ivan IV of Russia ban chess .
1555 castling be introduce .
1560 Ruy Lopez visit Rome and defeat all the player .
1561 last time castling be 2 separate move .
1561 Ruy Lopez propose the 50 - move rule to claim a draw .
1561 Ruy Lopez write he book on chess .
introduce the word gambit .
( Alcala , 1561 )
1562 St Teresa , a Spanish reformer , include chess in she writings .
1570 Gianutto della Mantia , Horatio bear in Italy .
author of Italian chess book .
1572 Ruy Lopez defeat several eminent player in Rome .
1574 Boi and Leonardo beat Lopez & Ceron in presence of Phillip II .
1575 Leonardo beat Ruy Lopez in Madrid .
1575 after the Plague of Cremona , all game except chess be ban .
1576 Boi take prisoner , but win he freedom play chess .
1580 Catherine de Medici of France be a keen chess player .
1580 Ruy lopez die .
1584 Ivan the Terrible die while start a game of chess .
1584 _ book translate into Italian by Tarsia and publish in Venice .
----------------------------------------------------------------------
<< " I have tell you , friend , " say the curate , " that this be do to divert we idle thought ; and as in well - order state game of chess , fives , and billiards be allow for the diversion of that who do not care , or be not oblige , or be unable to work , so book of this kind be allow to be print , on the supposition that , what indeed be the truth , there can be nobody so ignorant as to take any of they for true story ; >>
<< " well then , " say Don Quixote , " the same thing happen in the comedy and life of this world , where some play emperor , other pope , and , in short , all the character that can be bring into a play ; but when it be over , that be to say when life end , death strip they all of the garment that distinguish one from the other , and all be equal in the grave . "
" a fine comparison ! " say Sancho ; " though not so new but that I have hear it many and many a time , as well as that other one of the game of chess ; how , so long as the game last , each piece have its own particular office , and when the game be finish they be all mix , jumble up and shake together , and stow away in the bag , which be much like end life in the grave . "
" thou be grow less doltish and more shrewd every day , Sancho , " say Don Quixote .
" ay , " say Sancho ; " it must be that some of you _ shrewdness stick to I ; land that , of itself , be barren and dry , will come to yield good fruit if you dung it and till it >>
---------------------------------------------------------------------
of all Freemason sponser revolution : American , French , Bolivar , etc . . . _ be the most blatantly Masonic :
Nostromo a Tale of the Seaboard
<< after have write so far , Don Martin Decoud , the exotic dandy of the Parisian boulevard , get up and walk across the sand floor of the cafe at one end of the Albergo of United Italy , keep by Giorgio Viola , the old companion of Garibaldi .
the highly coloured lithograph of the faithful hero seem to look dimly , in the light of one candle , at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of he own sensation .
look out of the window , Decoud be meet by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountain nor the town , nor yet the building near the harbour ; and there be not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the placid gulf , spread from the water over the land , have make it dumb as well as blind . . . .
he turn away .
he could bear no long that expressionless and motionless stare , which seem to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of a abyss .
. . . and uneasy in its corporate expression , be overtop by the big face of Don Juste Lopez , soft and white , with prominent eyelid and wreathe in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense cloud . >>
------------------------------------------------------------------
Wisteria Lodge
<< he could do little during the day , for Murillo take every precaution and never go out save with he satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he be know in the day of he greatness .
at night , however , he sleep alone , and the avenger might find he .
on a certain evening , which have be prearrange , I send my friend final instruction , for the man be forever on the alert and continually change he room .
I be to see that the door be open and the signal of a green or white light in a window which face the drive be to give notice if all be safe or if the attempt have well be postpone .
" but everything go wrong with we .
in some way I have excite the suspicion of Lopez , the secretary .
he creep up behind I and spring upon I just as I have finish the note .
he and he master drag I to my room and hold judgment upon I as a convict traitress .
then and there they would have plunge they knife into I could they have see how to escape the consequence of the deed .
finally , after much debate , they conclude that my murder be too dangerous .
but they determine to get rid forever of Garcia .
they have gag I , and Murillo twist my arm round until I give he the address .
I swear that he might have twist it off have I understand what it would mean to Garcia .
Lopez address the note which I have write , seal it with he sleeve - link , and send it by the hand of the servant , Jose .
how they murder he I do not know , save that it be _ hand who strike he down , for Lopez have remain to guard I .
I believe he must have wait among the gorse bush through which the path wind and strike he down as he pass .
at first they be of a mind to let he enter the house and to kill he as a detect burglar ; but they argue that if they be mix up in a inquiry they own identity would at once be publicly disclose and they would be open to further attack .
with the death of Garcia , the pursuit might cease , since such a death might frighten other from the task . >>
------------------------------------------------------
Art Neuendorffer
the rock revolution happen in the sixty ( 6 , number of the Beast ) .
it come from Liverpool , that be the port base to the Titanic , destroy by God because of the arrogant insult of captain Smith ( also from Liverpool ) : " not even God can sink my ship " ( not only the captain , but also the rest of the crew and even the orchestra play at the Titanic be from Liverpool ) .
the rock revolution come from the nation that allow a church to be change to a pub or to a dance room or to a recording studio full of drug addict , homosexual and lunatic ( as that of George Martin , ally of the Beatles ) .
it come from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterate the Bible so that divorce could be allow and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorce from he wife and subsequent murdering of the same one and to whom God provide a wife with six finger as abomination ( Anne Boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the Beast ....
it be interesting to observe that this nation be nickname " the _ Island " .
as the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation , the center of London , the so well - know Piccadilly Circus , take it name from a old brothel ( the " Piccadilla House " which mean " the House of Sin " ) , disappeared nowadays .
the antichrist John Lennon , one of the _ main puppet to destroy family , social and moral value and to begin the disintegration of mankind , do hit Stuart Sutcliffe ( the first bass player of the Beatles ) in the head with a club repeatedly in Hamburg .
some month late Sutcliffe die from brain haemorrhage because of John _ bruise .
John Lennon enter stardom be a murderer .
the same demon that make captain Smith say " not even God can sink my ship " speak from antichrist John Lennon ( from Liverpool , base port to the Titanic ) say : " Christianity be on the go .
it will vanish and shrink .
we be more popular than Jesus and Pope " ....
that be the day that _ CURSE fall upon the world of rock .
one week after that declaration , only one week late , Brian Epstein , forger of the Beatle farce , die from a overdose .
from then on , the Beatles begin to get involved in false religion and to preach they to the world .
John _ divorce follow , as well as he enter the world of black magic , as deeply as to buy the apartment . where the " _ baby " have be film , previous property of Roman Polansky , and in that same apartment John Lennon have a room upholster with black silk where he use to do he black magic operation .
come the disintegration of the _ mind with lsd which have cause , among other , schizophrenic lyric such as " I be the Walrus " and incoherent schizophrenic musical exposition like " Revolution number 9 " .
at the same time , the devil act through he other main puppet with " Sympathy for the devil " that be when the pact of the Roll Stone with Satan take the life of the founder of the group , the guitarist Brian Jones ( who refuse to be a puppet of the devil ) , murder by people send by Mick Jagger , another assassin .
Antichrist John Lennon follow the _ strategy write lyric such as " God be a concept by which we measure we pain ... I _ believe in Jesus , etc. , etc. , " ( God ) and " and no religion too ... " ( imagine ) .
Antichrist John Lennon want to compete with Jesus Christ , and so he grow a beard and start to make a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel proclaim " peace " , be then when he be visit by the Canadian journalist who ridiculize and admonish he want to know about what Lennon mean when he write in the lyric of " the ballad of John and Yoko " : " the way thing be go , _ go to crucify I ... " , the curse of GOD upon John Lennon carry on with all type of misery and distress which make Lennon give the interview to the " Roll Stone " magazine ( today condense in the " Lennon remember " book ) where he speak about how bad thing be go for he blame " whatever be up there " for it ( refer to God ) .
the curse of GOD carry on until he be shoot dead .
it be interesting to notice that he be shoot seven time , be seven , as well as three , the holy number in holy cabalah tradition ....
after George Harrison , say arrogantly in a video film in he studio at Henley on Thames : " I want to talk about the divinity of man " , he be give throat cancer by GOD because of that word , which make metastasis and carry on to final death ..
to Paul McCartney whose _ logo be a person toy with the planet as if he be a god , and who be be very much delude in he ego trip by the fact that he be make " Sir " ( when in England even the road sweeper be make Sir , as long as he produce money for the nation ) , GOD provide cancer to the wife .
the advertising farce of how much he love Linda ( woman whose quality he do not deserve ) , be expose when it be know that Paul have a affair with Heather Mills , _ intimate friend , with whom McCartney go on a trip to New York and to whom he buy thing and present , while he be still mourn for he " dear Linda " .
at the same time McCartney be go out with Heather Mills , he use _ death for promotional end , due to he wane popularity .
Paul be go out with Heather , but in front of the audience he play the faithful _ masquerade pretend to suffer for Linda , for the aforementioned _ promotional end .
Paul admit that he make Linda suffer a lot , but he _ say that it be because he feel insecure as a man due to he womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with he age he sexual power be not the same , even though it have never be much .
the early day be the day of competition between Paul and he wife and John and he wife and he know he have to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the band in front of they wife and have Yoko Ono make he aware of he lack of virility and repress homosexuality , he grow the beard that we see in the " let it be " film and start to show picture of naked woman in the same film , do every effort he could to be see as a man ....
it be easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sing : " _ get a feeling , a feeling I _ hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .
( he already have the trauma that he previous girlfriend Jane Asher have cause he when she make he aware of he little manliness and effeminate manners ) .
Paul have such a big inferiority complex as a man , due to he effeminate face , body and personality and due to he repress homosexuality , that he find himself a handicapped woman with only one leg , so that he could stand out , be very conscious that a full woman would make he feel the superiority of virile man again , as Jane and Linda do .
this be something that he ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore ....
he be very conscious that money and fame _ buy virility and manliness .
besides be a murderer , John Lennon have sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian Epstein to get he interested in go to see the band at the Cavern , trauma from which he never recover .
because of the trauma that he homosexual relation with Brian Epstein have leave he , he make lyric such as : " you can wear a collar and a tie , one thing you _ hide be when _ crippled inside " and give declaration to the " Roll Stone " magazine say that " sometimes he wear texan boot to feel more secure as a man " .
the Beatles be very well know by people close to they for they arrogance and racism .
one of the manifestation of they racism be the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono .
that rejection get to the point that George Harrison kick Yoko Ono in the Apple studio during the filming of let it be .
when John ask George while they be have lunch about how thing be go for Paul after he separation from the Beatles and George reply that he be number one in the Swedish hit parade , John say in a despective manner : " ah !! .. in Sweden .. " , as if Sweden be a inferior place or something alike .
in the _ song " get back " they advise black Joe to " get back to where you once belong " , as if England be not a place for black people .
sometimes back , Paul tell George in the Apple office that the new generation be a bundle of idiot and useless people , but in any way they would have also be slave of the Beatles .
the Jewish marriage live to the right of _ house say that he be a arrogant person who do never return a greeting .
the newly marry couple live on the corner in front of the entrance of _ house ( Friar Park ) refer to he as a overbearing person to stay away from .
the receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison say : " we _ have any relation with that man anymore and we _ want to know anything about he " .
it be interesting to note that this company be make bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believe that the cinema industry would have worship he .
they chauvinism get to the point that even they themselves hate each other .
Paul McCartney say that George Harrison be a nothing .
George Harrison say that he be tired of listen to people talk about John Lennon ....
George Harrison say in a video that " Oasis be a very untalented band and they _ be play at all " , all of it be the truth , but the Beatles be also a band of very poor musician , if musician at all , who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chord and who be as untalented as Oasis .
the Beatles of the time of the " Cavern " sound exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little musical quality in the song of the Beatles be due to George Martin .
without George Martin the Beatles would have be just another untalented band as Oasis ....
Paul McCartney say recently that he believe in use magic , and he do lot of charity , think that in this way he will compensate for the curse of GOD that be upon he and that take he _ life because of he Satanism and involvement in black magic .
he think he will deceive people in this way , so that the real McCartney will not be perceive .
be the old Devil attempt to disguise as good in front of people .
Satan deceive mankind once again , as so many other thousand of time through the century ....
after the Devil begin he devastating job from the ghostly " _ Island " through he nine main puppet ( Beatles - Roll Stone ) , he possess a endless amount of other schizophrenic bad musician in the aforementioned _ island and weaken they conscience with drug , he make they proclaimer of homosexuality , aversion to religion , destruction of family value , dissipation , mental illness , antisocialism , etc. , etc. ,
the fact that bad apprentice musician such as the Beatles and the Roll Stone achieve such a giant fame that not even the real quality musician could achieve , be because the force of Satan be behind everything , support the process .
this mentally ill humanity , destroy family , twisted moral value , manifest or repressed homosexuality in human being , anti natural feminism rebellion , drug addiction , corrupt social outline , mad youth without direction , nonrespect _ to hierarchy , convulse nation , misanthropy , misogyny , paedophilia , irrational and feeble lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberration , be due to the vast manoeuvre that Satan execute through he main marionette the Beatles and the Roll Stone , from the _ Island .
if you wonder why there be misery and curse in you house , it be because you own some l.p , cd or another article related to the curse by GOD Beatles and Roll Stone .
we recommend you to take that curse out of you house throw away everything related to the _ main nine puppet ....
you have be warn ...
the high court .
( the five judge )
for the sake of mankind , you should email we verdict to you friend .
email : yamwhatiyam < pop...@spinach.eat >
group : alt.consumers , ba.consumers , misc.consumers , misc.consumers.frugal-living
attack on Iran : a loom folly
by William Rivers Pitt
truthout _ _ _ _ _ _ _ | perspective
Monday 09 January 2006
the wire have be hum since before the new year with report that the Bush administration be plan a attack on Iran .
" the Bush administration be prepare its NATO ally for a possible military strike against suspect nuclear site in Iran in the New Year , accord to German media report , reinforce similar early suggestion in the Turkish media , " report UPI on December 30th .
" the Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week , " continue UPI , " quote ' NATO intelligence source ' who claim that the NATO ally have be inform that the United State be currently investigate all possibility of bring the mullah - lead regime into line , include military option .
this ' all option be open ' line have be President George W _ publicly state policy throughout the past 18 month . "
a examination of the ramification of such a attack be desperately in order .
1 . blowback in Iraq
the recent election in Iraq be dominate by a amalgam of religiously fundamentalist shi'ite organization , principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq ( SCIRI ) .
both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connection to the fundamentalist shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decade .
in essence , Iran now own a significant portion of the Iraqi government .
should the United State undertake military action against Iran , the ramification in Iraq would be immediate and extreme .
in the first eight day of January , eighteen US troops have be kill in Iraq , compound by another twelve death from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday .
much of the violence aim at American force be come from disgruntled Sunni faction that have they own militia , believe the last election be a sham , and hold little political power in the government .
if the US attack Iran , it be probable that American force - already tax by attack from Sunni faction - will also face reprisal attack in Iraq from shi'ite faction loyal to Iran .
the result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualty , US force will be require to bunker themselves further into they basis , and US force will find themselves require to fight the very government they just finish help into power .
Iraq , already a seethe cauldron , will sink far into chaos .
2 . _ armament
unlike Iraq , Iran have not spend the last fifteen year have its conventional force wear down by grueling sanction , repeat attack , and two American - lead war .
while _ conventional army be not what it be during the heyday of the Iran - Iraq war - they armament have deteriorate and the veteran of that last war have retire - the nation enjoy substantial military strength nonetheless .
accord to a report issue by the Center for Strategic and International Study in December of 2004 , Iran " have some 540000 man under arm and over 350000 reserve .
they include 120000 Iranian Revolutionary Guard train for land and naval asymmetrical warfare .
_ military also include holding of 1613 main battle tank , 21600 other armored fighting vehicle , 3200 artillery weapon , 306 combat aircraft , 60 attack helicopter , 3 submarine , 59 surface combatant , and 10 amphibious ship . "
" Iran be now the only regional military power that pose a significant conventional military threat to Gulf stability , " continue the CSIS report .
" Iran have significant capability for asymmetric warfare , and pose the additional threat of proliferation .
there be considerable evidence that it be develop both a long - range missile force and a range of weapon of mass destruction .
it have never properly declare its holding of chemical weapon , and the status of its biological weapon program be unknown . "
a MILNET brief issue in February 2005 report , " due to its position astride the Persian Gulf , Iran have constantly be a threat to the gulf .
the so call ' tanker ' war in the late 1980 put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nation seek to transport oil out of the region .
even the small navy that Iran put to sea be capable enough to harass shipping , and several case of small boat operation against oil well head in the gulf during that period make it clear small asymmetrical tactic of the Iranian navy could be quite effective . "
" more concerning , " continue the MILNET brief , " be the priority place on expand and modernize its navy .
the CSIS report cite numerous area where Iran have fund modernization include the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missile : ' Iran have obtain new anti-ship missile and missile patrol craft from China , midget submarine from North Korea , submarine from Russia , and modern mine . ' "
it be _ missile armament that pose the great concern for American force in the gulf , especially for the US Navy .
_ coast face the Persian Gulf be a loom wall of mountain that look down upon any naval force array in that water .
the gulf itself only have one exit , the Strait of Hormuz , which be also dominate by the mountainous Iranian coastline .
in essence , Iran hold the high ground in the gulf .
missile battery array in that mountain could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deploy below .
of all the missile in _ armament , the most dangerous be the Russian - make SS - N - 22 Sunburn .
this missile be , simply , the fast anti-ship weapon on the planet .
the Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude .
its maximum low - altitude speed be mach 2.2 , some three time fast than the American - make Harpoon .
the Sunburn take two short minute to cover its full range .
the _ manufacturer state that one or two missile could cripple a destroyer , and five missile could sink a 20000 ton ship .
the Sunburn be also superior to the Exocet missile .
recall that it be two Exocet that rip the USS Stark to shred in 1987 , kill 37 sailor .
the Stark could not see they to stop they .
the US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt be currently deploy in the Persian Gulf , with some 7000 soul aboard .
sail with the Roosevelt be the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force , which include the USS Tarawa , the USS Austin , and the USS Pearl Harbor .
the USS Austin be likewise deploy in the gulf .
the Sunburn missile , with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection , would do terrible damage this ship if Iran choose to retaliate in the gulf after a American attack within its border .
beyond the naval threat be the possibility of Iran throw its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq .
currently , the US be face a asymmetrical attack from group wield small arm , shoulder - fire grenade and roadside bomb .
the vaunted American military have suffer 2210 death and ten of thousand of wounded from this form of warfare .
the occupation of Iraq have become a guerrilla war , a siege that have last more than a thousand day .
if Iran decide to throw any or all of its 23000 armored fighting vehicle , along with any or all of its nearly million - strong army , into the Iraq fray , the situation in the Middle East could become unspeakably dire .
3 . the Syrian connection
in February of 2005 , Iran and Syria agree upon a mutual protection pact to combat " challenge and threat " in the region .
this be a specific reaction to the American invasion of Iraq , and a reaction to _ condemnation of Syria after the death of Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , which be widely see as a assassination order from Damascus .
a attack on Iran would trigger this mutual defense pact , and could conceivably bring Syria into direct conflict with American force .
like Iran , _ military be nothing to scoff at .
virtually every credible analysis have Syria stand as the strong military force in the Middle East after Israel .
Damascus have be intent for year upon establish significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to _ overwhelming capability .
as of 2002 , Syria have some 215000 soldier under arm , 4700 tank , and a massive artillery capability .
the Syrian Air Force be comprise of ten to eleven fighter / attack squadron and sixteen fighter squadron , total somewhere near 650 aircraft .
Syria also possess one of the large arsenal of ballistic missile in the region , comprise primarily of SCUD - derive system .
Iran , North Korea and China have be willing provider of state - of - the - art technology .
compound this be the well - base suspicion that Syria have perhaps the most advanced chemical weapon capability in the Persian Gulf .
4 . China and the US economy
while the ominous possibility of heighten Iraqi chaos , missile in the gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attack Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .
_ economy be explode , hamper only by they great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel they industry .
in the last several month , China have ink deal with Iran for $ 70 billion dollar worth of Iranian oil and natural gas .
China will purchase 250 million ton of liquefy natural gas from Iran over the next 30 year , will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran , and will receive 150000 barrel of oil per day from that field .
China be seek the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another plan pipeline run from Kazakhstan to China .
any US attack on Iran could be perceive by China as a direct threat to its economic health .
further , any fighting in the Persian Gulf would imperil the tanker run _ liquefy natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz .
should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be face with a significant threat .
this threat exist not merely on a military level , though China could force a confrontation in the Pacific by way of Taiwan .
more significantly , China hold a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .
Paul Craig Roberts , write for the American Conservative , say in July of 2005 that " as a result of many year of persistent trade surplus with the United State , the Japanese government hold dollar reserve of approximately $ 1 trillion .
_ accumulation of dollar be approximately $ 600 billion .
South Korea hold about $ 200 billion .
this sum give this country enormous leverage over the United State .
by dump some portion of they reserve , this country could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rate skyrocket .
Washington would really have to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action , but in a showdown with China - over Taiwan , for example - China hold the card .
China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserve than they require .
they would have no problem teach a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arise . "
" the hard blow on American , " conclude Roberts , " will fall when China do revalue its currency .
when _ currency cease to be undervalue , American shopper in Wal - Mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelf be make in China , will think they be in Neiman Marcus .
price increase will cause a dramatic reduction in American real income .
if this coincide with rise interest rate and a setback in the housing market , American consumer will experience the hard time since the Great Depression . "
in short , China have the American economy by the throat .
should they decide to squeeze , we will all feel it .
_ strong hand in this even extend to the diplomatic realm ; China be a permanent member of the United Nation Security Council , and could veto any action against Iran propose by the United State .
5 . American preparedness
American citizen have for decade take it as a given that we military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield .
the rapid victory during the first Gulf War cement this perception .
the last three year of the Iraq occupation , however , have sap this confidence .
badly , the occupation have do great damage to the strength of the American military , justify the decrease in confidence .
thanks to repeat deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan , recruiting be at a all - time low .
soldier with vital training and know - how be refuse to re-enlist .
across the board , the American military be stretch to the breaking point .
two vaunted economist - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyze the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation .
accord to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia University , the final cost of the Iraq occupation will run between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion , surpass by order of magnitude the estimate put forth by the Bush administration .
if a engagement with Iran envelop we force in Iraq , and come to involve Syria , we economy will likely shatter under the strain of fight so many country simultaneously .
add to this the economic threat pose by China , and the economic threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast petroleum to the globe .
if Iran and Syria - with they significant armament , missile technology and suspect chemical weapon capability - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq , we troops there will be fish in a barrel .
_ position over the gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carrier a dangerous affair .
in the bad - case scenario , the newly - mint American order of battle require the use of nuclear weapon to rescue a surround and imperil force could come into play , hurl the entire planet into military and diplomatic bedlam .
conclusion : be any of this possible ?
the question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?
it be difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United State in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .
Iran be suspect by many nation of work towards the development of nuclear weapon , but even this justification have be toss into a cocked hat .
recently , Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly state that Iran be not develop its nuclear capability for any reason beyond peaceful energy creation , and pledge to continue assist Iran in this endeavor .
therefore , any attack upon _ nuclear facility will bring Russia into the mess .
Iran also stand accuse of aid terrorism across the globe .
the danger implicit in any attack upon that nation , however , seem to significantly offset whatever gain could be make in the so - call " war on terror . "
unfortunately , all the danger in the world be no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encase zealot .
what manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course ?
look no far than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .
George W. Bush and he administration have consistently undertake incredibly dangerous course of action in order to garner political power on the home front .
recall the multiple terror threat lob out by the administration whenever damaging political news appear in the media .
more significantly , recall Iraq .
Karl Rove , _ most senior advisor , notoriously tell Republican on the ballot during the 2002 midterm to " run on the war . "
the invasion of Iraq provide marvelous political cover for the GOP not only during that midterm , but during the 2004 presidential election .
what kind of political cover would be gain from a attack on Iran , and from the diversion of attention to that attack ?
the answer lie in one now - familiar name : Jack Abramoff .
the Abramoff scandal threaten to subsume all the hard - fight GOP gain in Congress , and the 2006 midterm be less than a year away .
be any of this a probability ?
logic say no , but logic seldom play any part in modern American politics .
all argument that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .
they do it once already in Iraq .
by Graydon Carter ( excerpt from " what _ lose " , publish by Little Brown )
68.4 - average number of species add to the endangered and threatened species list each year between 1991 and 2000 .
0 - number of endangered species voluntarily add by the Bush administration since take office .
408 - number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global - warming trend continue .
0 - number of time Bush mention global warming , clean air , clean water , pollution or environment in he 2004 state of the union speech .
he father be the last president to go through a entire state of the union address without mention the environment .
1 - number of paragraph devote to global warming in the _ 600 - page " draft report on the environment " present in 2003 .
68 - number of day after take office that Bush decide not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gas by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 level by 2012 .
the United State be to cut its level by 7 per cent .
1 the rank of the United State worldwide in term of greenhouse gas emission .
25 - percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emission the United State be responsible for .
53 - number of day after take office that Bush renege on he campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emission from power plant .
14 - percentage carbon dioxide emission will increase over the next 10 year under _ own global - warming plan ( a increase of 30 per cent above they 1990 level ) .
5 - number of year the Bush administration say in 2003 that global warming must be further study before substantive action could be take .
$ 44 m - amount the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee receive in contribution from the fossil fuel , chemical , timber , and mining industry .
200 - number of regulation rollback downgrade or weaken environmental law in _ first three year in office .
31 - number of Bush administration appointee who be alumnus of the energy industry ( include four cabinet secretary , the six most powerful White House official , and more than 20 other high - level appointee ) .
50 - approximate number of policy change and regulation rollback injurious to the environment that have be announce by the Bush administration on Friday after 5 pm , a time that make it all but impossible for news organisation to relay the information to the wide possible audience .
50 - percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency enforcement action against polluter under _ watch .
34 - percentage decline in criminal penalty for environmental crime since Bush take office .
50 - percentage decline in civil penalty for environmental crime since Bush take office .
$ 6.1 m - amount the EPA historically value each human life when conduct economic analysis of propose regulation .
$ 3.7 m - amount the EPA value each human life when conduct analysis of propose regulation during the Bush administration .
62 - number of member of _ 63 - person Energy Task Force with tie to corporate energy interest .
0 - number of environmentalist ask to attend _ Energy Task Force meeting .
6 - number of month before 11 September that _ Energy Task Force investigate _ oil reserve .
2 - percentage of the _ population that be British .
2 - percentage of the _ oil use by Britain .
5 - percentage of the _ population that be American .
25 - percentage of the _ oil use by America .
63 - percentage of oil the United State import in 2003 , a record high .
24000 - estimate number of premature death that will occur under _ Clear Sky initiative .
300 - number of Clean Water Act violation by the mountaintop - mining industry in 2003 .
750000 - ton of toxic waste the US military , the _ big polluter , generate around the world each year .
$ 3.8 billion - amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - up in 1995 , the year " polluter pay " fee expire .
$ 0 - amount of uncommitted dollar in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - up in 2003 .
270 - estimate number of court decision cite federal negligence in endangered - species protection that remain unheeded during the first year of the Bush administration .
100 - percentage of that decision that Bush then decide to allow the government to ignore indefinitely .
50 - percentage of screen worker at Ground Zero who now suffer from long - term health problem , almost half of whom _ have health insurance .
78 - percentage of worker at Ground Zero who now suffer from lung ailment .
88 - percentage of worker at Ground Zero who now suffer from ear , nose , or throat problem .
22 - asbestos level at Ground Zero be 22 time high than the level in Libby , Montana , where the W R Grace mine produce one of the bad Superfund disaster in US history .
1 - number of Bush administration public statement on national security issue between 20 January 2001 and 10 September 2001 that mention al - Qa'ida .
104 - number of Bush administration public statement on national security and defense in the same period that mention Iraq or Saddam Hussein .
101 - number of Bush administration public statement on national security and defense in the same period that mention missile defence .
65 - number of Bush administration public statement on national security and defense in the same period that mention weapon of mass destruction .
0 - number of time Bush mention Osama bin Laden in he three state of the union address .
73 - number of time that Bush mention terrorism or terrorist in he three state of the union address .
83 - number of time Bush mention Saddam , Iraq , or regime ( as in change ) in he three state of the union address .
$ 1 m - estimate value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station , Texas , receive from Prince Bandar , Saudi _ ambassador to the United State and Bush family friend .
0 - number of time Bush mention Saudi Arabia in he three state of the union address .
1700 - percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relation in the United State .
79 - percentage of the 11 September hijacker who come from Saudi Arabia .
3 = number of 11 September hijacker whose entry visa come through special US - Saudi " Visa Express " programme .
140 - number of Saudi , include member of the Bin Laden family , evacuate from United State almost immediately after 11 September .
14 - number of Immigration and Naturalisation Service ( INS ) agent assign to track down 1200 know illegal immigrant in the United State from country where al - Qa'ida be active .
$ 3 m - amount the White House be willing to grant the 9/11 commission to investigate the 11 September attack .
$ 0 - Amount approve by George Bush to hire more INS special agent .
$ 10 m - amount Bush cut from the _ exist terrorism budget .
$ 50 m - amount grant to the commission that look into the Columbia space shuttle crash .
$ 5 m - amount a 1996 federal commission be give to study legalise gambling .
7 - number of Arabic linguist fire by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for be gay .
George Bush : military man
1972 - year that Bush walk away from he pilot duty in the Texas National Guard , nearly two year before he six - year obligation be up .
$ 3500 - reward a group of veteran offer in 2000 for anyone who could confirm _ Alabama guard service .
600 - 700 - number of guardsman who be in _ unit during that period .
0 - number of guardsman from that period who come forward with information about _ guard service .
0 - number of minute that President Bush , Vice - President Dick Cheney , the Defence Secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , the assistant defence Secretary , Paul Wolfowitz , the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board , Richard Perle , and the White House Chief of Staff , Karl Rove - the main proponent of the war in Iraq - serve in combat ( combine ) .
0 - number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff member who plan the war who have immediate family member serve in uniform in Iraq .
8 - number of member of the US Senate and House of Representative who have a child serve in the military .
10 - number of day that the Pentagon spend investigate a soldier who have call the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a newspaper .
46 - percentage increase in sale between 2001 and 2002 of GI Joe figure ( _ toy ) .
ambitious warrior
2 - number of nation that George Bush have attack and take over since come into office .
130 - approximate number of country ( out of a total of 191 recognise by the United Nation ) with a US military presence .
43 - percentage of the entire _ military spending that the US spend on defence .
( that be in 2002 , the year before the invasion of Iraq . )
$ 401.3 b - propose military budget for 2004 .
saviour of Iraq
1983 - the year in which Donald Rumsfeld , Ronald _ special envoy to the Middle East , give Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spur as a gift .
2.5 - number of hour after Rumsfeld learn that Osama bin Laden be a suspect in the 11 September attack that he bring up reason to " hit " Iraq .
237 - minimum number of misleading statement on Iraq make by top Bush administration official between 2002 and January 2004 , accord to the California Representative Henry Waxman .
10 m - estimate number of people worldwide who take to the street on 21 February 2003 , in opposition to the invasion of Iraq , the large simultaneous protest in world history .
$ 2 b - estimate monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq project by the White House in April 2003 .
$ 4 b - actual monthly cost of the US military presence in Iraq accord to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in 2004 .
$ 15 m - amount of a contract award to a American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq .
$ 80000 - amount a Iraqi firm spend ( use _ confiscate fund ) to build the same factory , after delay prevent the American firm from start it .
2000 - year that Cheney say he policy as ceo of Halliburton oil service company be " we _ do anything in Iraq " .
$ 4.7 b - total value of contract award to Halliburton in Iraq and Afghanistan .
$ 680 m - estimate value of Iraq reconstruction contract award to Bechtel .
$ 2.8 b - value of Bechtel Corp contract in Iraq .
$ 120 b - amount the war and its aftermath be project to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .
35 - number of country to which the United State suspend military assistance after they fail to sign agreement give American immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court .
92 - percentage of _ urban area with access to potable water in late 2002 .
60 - percentage of _ urban area with access to potable water in late 2003 .
55 - percentage of the Iraqi workforce who be unemployed before the war .
80 - percentage of the Iraqi workforce who be unemployed a year after the war .
0 - number of American combat death in Germany after the Nazi surrender in May 1945 .
37 - death toll of US soldier in Iraq in May 2003 , the month combat operation " officially " end .
0 - number of coffin of dead soldier return home that the Bush administration have permit to be photograph .
0 - number of memorial service for the return dead that Bush have attend since the beginning of the war .
a _ good friend
40000 - number of soldier in Iraq seven month after start of the war still without Interceptor vest , design to stop a round from a AK - 47 .
$ 60 m - estimate cost of outfit that 40000 soldier with Interceptor vest .
62 - percentage of gas mask that army investigator discover do not work properly in autumn 2002 .
90 - percentage of detector which give early warning of a biological weapon attack find to be defective .
87 - percentage of Humvee in Iraq not equip with armour capable of stop AK - 47 round and protect against roadside bomb and landmine at the end of 2003 .
make the country safe
$ 3.29 - average amount allocate per person nationwide in the first round of homeland security grant .
$ 94.40 - amount allocate per person for homeland security in American Samoa .
$ 36 - amount allocate per person for homeland security in Wyoming , Vice - President _ home state .
$ 17 - amount allocate per person in New York state .
$ 5.87 - amount allocate per person in New York City .
$ 77.92 - amount allocate per person in New Haven , Connecticut , home of Yale University , _ alma mater .
76 - percentage of 215 city survey by the US Conference of Mayor in early 2004 that have yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for they first - response unit .
5 - number of major US airport at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admit be not fully screen baggage electronically .
22600 - number of plane carry unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month .
5 - estimate percentage of US air cargo that be screen , include cargo transport on passenger plane .
95 - percentage of foreign goods that arrive in the United State by sea .
2 - percentage of that goods subject to thorough inspection .
$ 5.5 b - estimate cost to secure fully US port over the next decade .
$ 0 - amount Bush allocate for port security in 2003 .
$ 46 m - amount the Bush administration have budget for port security in 2005 .
15000 - number of major chemical facility in the United State .
100 - number of US chemical plant where a terrorist act could endanger the life of more than one million people .
0 - number of new drug or vaccine against " priority pathogen " list by the Centre for Disease Control that have be develop and introduce since 11 September 2001 .
give a hand up to the advantaged
$ 10.9 m - average wealth of the member of _ original 16 - person cabinet .
75 - percentage of American unaffected by _ sweeping 2003 cut in capital gain and dividend tax .
$ 42000 - average savings member of _ cabinet receive in 2003 as a result of cut in capital gain and dividend tax .
10 - number of fellow member from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush have name to important position ( include the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson ) .
79 - number of _ initial 189 appointee who also serve in he _ administration .
a man with a lot of friend
$ 113 m - amount of total hard money the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign receive , a record .
$ 11.5 m - amount of hard money raise through the Pioneer programme , the controversial fund - raising process create for the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign .
( participant pledge to raise at least $ 100000 by bundle together cheque of up to $ 1000 from friend and family .
pioneer be assign number , which be include on all cheque , enable the campaign to keep track of who raise how much . )
George Bush : money manager
4.7 m - number of bankruptcy that be declare during _ first three year in office .
2002 - the bad year for major market since the recession of the 1970 .
$ 489 b - the US trade deficit in 2003 , the bad in history for a single year .
$ 5.6 t - project national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when Bush take office in 2001 .
$ 7.22 t - US national debt by mid-2004 .
George Bush : tax cutter
87 - percentage of American family in April 2004 who say they have feel no benefit from _ tax cut .
39 - percentage of tax cut that will go to the top 1 per cent of American family when fully phase in .
49 - percentage of American in April 2004 who find that they tax have actually go up since Bush take office .
88 - percentage of American family who will save less than $ 100 on they 2006 federal tax as a result of 2003 cut in capital gain and dividend tax .
$ 30858 - amount Bush himself save in tax in 2003 .
employment tsar
9.3 m - number of US unemployed in April 2004 .
2.3 m - number of American who lose they job during first three year of the Bush administration .
22 m - number of job gain during _ eight year in office .
friend of the poor
34.6 m - number of American live below the poverty line ( 1 in 8 of the population ) .
6.8 m - number of people in the workforce but still classify as poor .
35 m - number of American that the government define as " food insecure , " in other word , hungry .
$ 300 m - amount cut from the federal programme that provide subsidy to poor family so they can heat they home .
40 - percentage of wealth in the United State hold by the rich 1 per cent of the population .
18 - percentage of wealth in Britain hold by the rich 1e percent _ of the population .
George Bush and he special friend
$ 60 b - loss to Enron stockholder , follow the large bankruptcy in US history .
$ 205 m - amount Enron ceo Kenneth Lay earn from stock option profit over a four - year period .
$ 101 m - amount Lay make from sell he Enron share just before the company go bankrupt .
$ 59339 - amount the Bush campaign reimburse Enron for 14 trip on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .
30 - length of time in month between _ collapse and Lay ( whom the President call " Kenny Boy " ) still not be charge with a crime .
George Bush : lawman
15 - average number of minute Bush spend review capital punishment case while governor of Texas .
46 - percentage of Republican federal judge when Bush come to office .
57 - percentage of Republican federal judge after three year of the Bush administration .
33 - percentage of the $ 15 bn Bush pledge to fight aids in Africa that must go to abstinence - only programme .
the civil libertarian
680 - number of suspect al - Qa'ida member that the United State admit be detain at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
42 - number of nationality of that detainee at Guantanamo .
22 - number of hour prisoner be handcuff , shackle , and make to wear surgical mask , earmuff , and blindfold during they flight to Guantanamo .
32 - number of confirm suicide attempt by Guantanamo Bay prisoner .
24 - number of prisoner in mid-2003 be monitor by psychiatrist in _ new mental ward .
a health - conscious president
43.6 m - number of American without health insurance by the end of 2002 ( more than 15 per cent of the population ) .
2.4 m - number of American who lose they health insurance during _ first year in office .
image booster for the US
2500 - number of public - diplomacy officer employ by the State Department to further the image of the US abroad in 1991 .
1200 - number of public - diplomacy officer employ by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004 .
4 - rank of the United State among country consider to be the great threat to world peace accord to a 2003 Pew Global Attitude study ( Israel , Iran , and North Korea be consider more dangerous ; Iraq be consider less dangerous ) .
$ 66 billion - amount the United State spend on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .
$ 23.8 billion - amount the United State spend on international aid and diplomacy in 2002 .
85 - percentage of Indonesian who have a unfavourable image of the United State in 2003 .
second - party endorsement
90 - percentage of American who approve of the way Bush be handle he job as president on 26 September 2001 .
67 - percentage of American who approve of the way Bush be handle he job as president on 26 September 2002 .
54 - percentage of American who approve of the way Bush be handle he job as president on 30 September , 2003 .
50 - percentage of American who approve of the way Bush be handle he job as president on 15 October 2003 .
49 - percentage of American who approve of the way Bush be handle he job as president in May 2004 .
more like the French than he would care to admit
28 - number of vacation day Bush take in August 2003 , the second - long vacation of any president in US history .
( record holder Richard Nixon . )
13 - number of vacation day the average American receive each year .
28 - number of vacation day Bush take in August 2001 , the month he receive a 6 August presidential daily briefing head " Osama bin Laden determined to strike US target . "
500 - number of day Bush have spend all or part of he time away from the White House at he ranch in Crawford , Texas , he _ retreat in Kennebunkport , Maine , or Camp David as of 1 April 2004 .
no fool when it come to the press
11 - number of press conference during he first three year in office in which Bush refer to question as be " trick " one .
factor in he favor
3 - number of company that control the US voting technology market .
52 - percentage of vote cast during the 2002 midterm election that be record by Election System & Software , the large voting - technology firm , a big Republican donor .
29 - percentage of vote that will be cast via computer voting machine that _ produce a paper record .
17 - on 17 November 2001 , the Economist print a correction for have say George Bush be properly elect in 2000 .
$ 113 m - amount raise by the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign , the most in American electoral history .
$ 185 m - amount raise by the Bush - Cheney 2004 re-election campaign , to the end of March 2004 .
$ 200 m - amount that the Bush - Cheney 2004 campaign expect to raise by November 2004 .
268 number of Bush - Cheney fund - raiser who have earn pioneer status ( by raise $ 100000 each ) as of March 2004 .
187 - number of Bush - Cheney fund - raiser who have earn ranger status ( by raise $ 200000 each ) as of March 2004 .
$ 64.2 m - the amount pioneer and ranger have raise for Bush - Cheney as of March 2004 .
85 - percentage of American who _ name the Chief Justice of the United State .
69 - percentage of American who believe the White _ claim in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein be personally involved in the 11 September attack .
34 - percentage of American who believe in June 2003 that _ " weapon of mass destruction " have be find .
22 - percentage of American who believe in May 2003 that Saddam have use he wmd on US force .
85 - percentage of American young adult who _ find Afghanistan , Iraq , or Israel on a map .
30 - percentage of American young adult who _ find the Pacific Ocean on a map .
75 - percentage of American young adult who _ know the population of the United State .
53 - percentage of Canadian young adult who _ know the population of the United State .
11 - percentage of American young adult who _ find the United State on a map .
30 - percentage of American who believe that " politics and government be too complicated to understand . "
another factor in he favor
70 m - estimate number of American who describe themselves as Evangelical who accept Jesus Christ as they personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .
23 m - number of Evangelical who vote for Bush in 2000 .
50 m - number of voter in total who vote for Bush in 2000 .
46 - percentage of voter who describe themselves as bear - again Christian .
5 - number of state that do not use the word " evolution " in public school science course .
my dad just _ understand ?
ugh my dad be so stupid ... he just _ understand anything !
I have 5 sister and so include my mom ... he be the only guy in a house of six female .
now _ the young and I just get my period so now we all have ours and he think _ a good thing ?
_ always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I have mine ! " and he _ even joke .
I think just live in a house with so many girl be make he go crazy ?
yep , the female be just get to he ... dad ..
_ blame he please , he feel lonely and want to show he attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .
I be sorry for he , he be a good dad
equine college uk need help !!!?
can somebody give I the name some college that do post 18 ( degree or foundation degree ) in either :
horse behaviour / training or
equine psychology
no one employ people from Hartpury because of what they receive on work experience .
Merrist Wood ( _ there on a nvq equine course ) do hnd in equine management .
you good bet be to look on UCAS and do a course search .
Merrist Wood in Woking in Surrey .
Moreton Morrell in Coventry , Warwickshire
Hartpury College ( I think that be the name , but if you type it in it should come up with a alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .
go onto the UCAS website , go onto course search and search for the course you want to do .
_ give you a comprehensive list of all the university that do the course you want , plus all the information you need to apply .
besides from Pacquiao , what else be the Philippines famous for ?
cheap hooker
you _ ask this question _ intimidating , if I tell you what people know about Philippines you will blush , thank god many think _ Japanese just because of the way I keep myself , the way I talk and treat people , and the way I dress , so if you _ want nasty , insulting answer especially from that undesirable migrant like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .
in fact Philippines be famous to accept people like this people I mention whose not Filipino but help the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they be the rot of the country .
they need to be expulse from the country and if they be not there they should be ban enter the country to plant they egg , as they be consider as the rotten left over of dinosaur
be the texting capital of the world .
would you recommend live in Limerick as a student ?
_ be give the opportunity to live in Limerick , Ireland , next year as part of my course .. if you know about Limerick , what be the pro and con ?
and would you recommend it as a student ?
the L.I.T be so close to Moyross , yet again the people who talk shit about Moyross still go there .
_ a great student city , _ load on , _ be spoil for choice .
in fact , you probably _ ever want to leave .
Orla get it in one .
although there be ' bad press ' direct at area of Limerick , but nowhere near the university .
Limerick be such a full city , shopping , night life , career choice , social choice , I come here about 12 year ago for college ..... and Orla get it spot on , I _ leave , nor would I .
_ now my home .
my myTouch 4G crash with most custom ROM I install .
can that be fix ?
I really like the MIUI , but a process crash repeatedly about every 3 seconds .
and I _ even load the new version of cyanogen mod .
not by the company ... as you void you warranty by install custom ROM
you be good to either recover to the standard ROM , or find one that _ crash .
Cynangon Mod should work .
have you try use Clockwork Recovery ?
get the old version of Cynagon Mod .
also you could use a stable ROM like bugless Beast and bake Snake .
that ROM focus on speed and stability .
or you could just use a home screen launcher replacement .
I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher .
they be both excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit .
as a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone be pretty fast and there be no point install a ROM .
hope you read through this .
be the moor and Pennines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place ?
and how big be they ?
_ 33 .
_ never be to the Yorkshire moor or Pennines at all ... I can see the Pennines in the far distance from my bedroom window .
when I watch Werewolf in London ( great film ) that be the only time I see the Yorkshire moor .
can anyone give I information about they ?
they can be bleak and eerie , often very exposed , often covered with antiquity like bronze age burial mound , stone circle and settlement -- until late in the bronze age they be rich farmland , then a change in the climate cause the sky to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil .
the people abandon they farm and religious site and the ground they stand on become moorland .
they can also be very beautiful when the purple heather be out , and they be habitat to much wildlife and many species of wildflower .
I have a western pleasure appy _ really heavy on she left lead at the lope ?
my appy be very heavy on she left lead at the lope .
she seem to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat ...
how could I work with she to get off she four hand , get balance , and lope smoothly and slowly ??
put on a pair of spur and before she make that trot step , _ in the feeling when you feel she think trot , tick she with the spur and lift with you body to keep she move .
if you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing be essential to push she at that instant .
lope she to the left in circle , keep she head to the inside of the circle and push she butt out , keep do this if she break to a jog go a little bit big circle , till she can get enough balance to go small and small . circle
my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera ... ?
hi everyone .... just have my hand on my new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera .. well , I always want to have one by sony .. but anyways , end up have olympus X940 from my dad ....... do anyone already have it ?
how have you experience with it ?
be it a good option for casual / formal function photography ?????
what about its picture quality ???
be it comparable to sony product or not ??
it have 14 mega pixel camera ... and 4 x wide optical zoom ...
you answer and review would be highly appreciate ....... thanks !!!!!!!
Olympus X - 940 14 megapixel digital camera have filter and can do all sort of special effect .
it be def worth more than the price .
I be very satisfied .
a good camera for the plain point and shoot .
my answer be that we _ to text speak here ... we type in English .
get you English in order before write here again please .
dead pixel of my photo ?
just want to ask .. I have a Nikon DSLR .. _ wonder why if I zoom my picture zoom like almost 200 - 300 percent .. I can see some dead pixel ... be there something wrong with my camera body ?
lens ?
or what ?
please help I .. and what should I do to fix this problem ?
or it be normal ?
be you sure it _ dirt on the sensor ?
put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity
take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens use long exposure and small aperture you have - overexpose _ by a couple of stop
you will see in the image if there be dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
cure be to get the sensor clean
there should be a pixel mapping function in the menu that will get rid of they , most sensor have a few dead and flip pixel , some only show up on long exposure .
Chris
New Zealand skilled migrant visa ?
if you apply for a skilled migrant _ visa and it be accept do you have to find work in the same sector as you skill on you application or can you take up other work if you _ find something in you own field .
I have post this question on the NZ visa site and _ get any info , do anyone know .???
watch out the pole be come ..... my little butterfly
that would be preferable but it _ matter , could be something similar
it depend on the condition of you skilled migrant visa .
you visa should say whether or not you be restrict to work in a specific sector .
if you visa do not restrict you from take any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector .
it only matter if you receive a offer of employment or if you be currently work in New Zealand and use that job in you application to get you skilled migrant visa .
in Chicago , what be the good restaurant to dine at on a budget ?
downtown Chicago , Loop , North
take the red line to Clark , then you turn right .
walk 2 block then turn right again .
walk 2 more block then cross the street .
you will get to a place call " BIG BOWL " .
Thai food and Asian .
good place ever !!!!!!!!!!!!
_
not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go .
a lunch will be less expensive than a dinner .
you can order appetizer rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .
but the good way be to use coupon .
check out http://www.restaurant.com lot of restaurant you can look at the menu and check out price .
you also may want to try " small neighborhood " restaurant and support family run place rather than the large corporate chain .
not that there be anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area .
be there any cure for mouse poison ?
I find a poor little mouse walk around in my _ house , and since I be able to catch it very easily ( normally mouse move at the speed of light ) , and since it be act unresponsive , I think it be infect with mouse poison , since my friend use it .
I know that the mouse will probably die , but I be wonder if there be any cure for mouse poison ?
I just hate to see the poor dear experience a slow painful death that way :( .
without know the exact poison , no .
a common one be arsenic and there really _ a way to cure that .
take the mouse to a emergency vet and have they use co2 to put the mouse to sleep .
or , you can put the animal in a snap trap design for rat or mouse since that be the only really humane kill method for invasive animal .
a quick cure would be Arm & Hammer to it head .
Crayola air - dry clay ?
ok .
so I have a very long list of people I want to make Xmas gift for and one of they be my good friend .
she love giraffe and homemade thing !
I be very artistic so I decide I be go to make she a giraffe sculpture .
I _ have much money so I buy Crayola air - dry clay .
I have sculpt the giraffe lay down .
the key be ... I have a few problem :
1 . I test it out by make a figure boat
and after 4 day when it dry it be very fragile !
( like very not in a good way )
be there any way to strengthen it ?
2 . what kind of paint do I use to paint the giraffe ?
3 . be there any cheap way to give it a shine like I make it in a kiln ?
air dry clay work on armature , the clay have a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint
take young cat with I for a week out of state ?
good idea ?
I have a 3 - 4 month old kitten and I live in forida .
I be go to my _ in north carolina and we be go camp in a cabin in west virginia .
my cat be a outside cat but she love it inside .
she be also good in a carrier .
should I bring she ?
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside ?
thanks
we take we cat Mitten camp .
he love it .
but he be a inside / outside cat ( only one I own - rest have be 100 inside cat ) .
he be train to a harness / leash for outside time but he know to use the litter pan inside .
if you cat be not train to use the litter pan , you may have a problem take she .
no !
change its surroundings too often will stress it out and it will get depressed , mean , sick , or will not want to be around you .
what cleaner should I use for dust around my parakeet ?
what cleaner can I use to dust around my budgie .
would pledge be ok ?
if not , what be ?
you good bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they _ require cleaner .
if you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep you parakeet in be well ventilate .
I have have parakeet for a very long time , and I use pledge .
just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate .
I agree with the answer from Nothing .
even a cotton cloth ( I like diaper ) that be barely damp with water will work fine .
Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth be excellent .
I use Miracle Cloth , _ fantastic , just _ use fabric softener or dryer sheet when clean they , it ruin they " grab " ability .
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemid=1361&itemtype=product&path=1%2c3%2c477&iproductid=1361 if anything you use have a strong or linger fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .
rp : be it wrong to want to remove a contact because they be really really stupid ... ?
I _ get to read the answer lol :(
_ not _ say who , they be on now .
I _ want they to commit suicide or something haha
lol Callum
no no no no no no
_ definitely not you .
no
_ not any of you lol
I email you Sam .
I _ know .
how do you know .
_ not I be it !?
_ mostly joke when I talk about suicide and really _ not that stupid I just get in stupid situation d:
I guz what lol
who ?
sorry but I _ help my stupidity =(
edit : I love how she say _ not callum but _ deny _ I .... I think we all know who _ talk about ...
edit : now _ curious ...
edit : how do I know ...
lol they really _ that much bad than I
and they gpa be good than mine ....
can I buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. Ireland and put a Irish pay , go dongle in it ?
I want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she use for she pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?
thanks people
yes obviously the usb be region free which mean you can use it anywhere .
and every computer manufacture in both Ireland & the UK be Region 2 a.k.a. pal .
there _ be a difference since mobile broadband be suppose to be digital .
but word of advice if _ get you girlfriend a laptop make sure _ a good brand and not something like DELL , Acer , Asus , eMachine etc .
just a head up .
yes of course you can ....
I have many friend that have laptop buy in the UK that use they here
if in dongle you mean usb stick then yes usb stick be the same anywhere _ you go :) hope that answer you question .
how do I take care of my newborn baby fish ?
I be nervous that my other fish will eat they , and I _ know what to feed they !
I have count around 25 of they and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .
you could move all the baby into a fry net breeder or move all of the big fish ( also the parent ) to a different tank to avoid the baby get eat .
feed the baby 3 - 4 time a day with flake .
provide plenty of hiding place like rock , plant , etc in the tank .
_ natural for some baby to be eat by adult and if all of they survive you tank would be very overcrowded .
look in the pet store for " fry food " or " baby fish food " .
what kind of newborn fish you have ?
some parent would not eat they fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat they offspring till they mature but I would move the baby fish into a small tank and feed they flake
I have a question about _ Monopoly !
please help !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
if you can ?
ten point !!!!!!!!!!?
ok , I know that _ have monopoly go on right now .
& I _ know what food have the game piece .
and what food have extra game piece .
because large fry give you four piece !
when most of the food or drink I get only include two !
so can somebody please list all of the food that include the game piece , and the number of game piece you get with that food !
please !!!!!!
the person who well explain this , and help I out the well with my question will be reward with ten point !!!!!!!
please help !!!!!!!!!!!
thank you !!!!!!!!!!!!! :d
scroll down and this website show each thing you can buy (:
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/main/gameboard
4 peel :
- 20 piece Chicken McNugget
- large fry
2 peel :
- Big Mac
- 10 piece Chicken McNugget
- medium fountain drink
- McCAFE drink
- Filet - of - Fish
- hash brown
- Egg McMuffin , sausage
- fruit & maple oatmeal
bearded dragon spike ?
bit of a stupid question but do the spike / spine ( whatever you call they ) on they side and face area ever go hard .
or be they just suppose to look like they be so nothing will try to eat they
becca be right .
_ own beardy for over 3 year and I handle mine all the time .. they _ go hard like needle hard but they _ pillow soft .
they use they to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if you have no knife ] I know I _ .
they puff out to look big and bad and they can scratch you a little if _ hold they too tight :)
_ not really hard .
beardy be actually quite delicate .
_ assume _ to scare off predator / like how they will puff up they neck spike to make they look big to predator or enemy .
they _ hurt unless _ stupid enough to press on they .
they just be there as a adaptation .
what be a kimberwick bit use for ?
use as a help for horse that be quite strong puller while hack , hunt and do cross country .
it be a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horse appreciate this to give they more room in they mouth for they tongue .
it be not as precise as a pelham bit because it only use one rein , though the modern one have two or three slot on which to put the rein .
the low the rein , the strong the action and the low the rein the strong the action on the poll too .
useful for young kid who do not have big enough hand or the ability to handle two rein independently .
for horse that be strong puller .
it just give you a little leverage and curb pressure .
_ nice for horse that need a little more than a snaffle .
I know _ vague , but it depend on the horse .
the rider need to have independent hand as well , because you do not want to pull too hard on a bit like that . ;)
how long to save up for a canon t3i ?
I want to save up for a canon t3i , around 750 - 800 + :(
_ currently 12 and I get about 20 dollar a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , I plan to save 10 dollar every week :)
my birthday be in November and I get about .... 150 or more since I hate my _ family .. haha
Chinese new year ~ 300
Christmas ~ 100
and yeaa ...
can someone cunclude how long it might take I to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tip to save / gain money ? :o
hey ,
be happy you get a bit , many of we never get nothing :)
_ a Canon eos t2i , with the exact same sensor , just no articulating screen .
_ around $ 100 less , which mean you get the same camera but quick !
_ a dslr buying guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
_ worry about it .
if you _ even do basic math , _ never figure out how to use a dslr camera properly .
hey kido u make I smile
do the pop drying time slow down if it not expose to air ?
_ for a craft project ..... I want to use it the way u would use icing ....
take a bit of searching to discover that pop be probably pop - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it be not expose to air - in fact , if you be build up plaster ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which be rather uncommon , you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be add plaster " mud "
plaster of Paris do two thing
- it chemically set - get warm to hot then cool down and hard and
- it dry out , lose the water that be soak into the set structure
for example , a set plaster mold that be to be use for clay slip casting must be dry - it get wet pull the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold use for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#lggobproj
dwarf hamster make too much noise on wheel at night ?
_ get a dwarf hamster tomorrow and I be just talk to my Mom and she say that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb she sleep but I tell she no because I say _ energetic at night and my room be right next door to hers but I hear there be wheel that _ make noise at all what would be the price of it ?
_ quite sure , you _ even have to buy another , all you need to do , be to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it edge , the part that be make the noise .
that might work
Super Pet Silent Spinner Exercise Wheel
we price : $ 10.99 to 12.99 PETSMART !
work well last long .
I have a dwarf hamster who hate he wheel and _ use it -
he make so much more noise , as he play and dig and jump ( seriously )
wheel be relatively noiseless -
a few squeak from a wheel be good than the full wrath of a bored pet !
change of boarding station ?
how can I change my boarding station against the ticket I book a month back from counter ?
my origin station be Howrah , but I want to board at Asansol ..
do you train pass Asansol when start from Howrah ?
if yes , you _ need to change it because you board late .
if no , _ have to go to one of the train station .
in Calcutta there be a _ reservation office where they speak English very well .
I _ remember near which station it be though .
they can help you and it be close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big one ?
even if you _ find the _ office _ be fine in the normal reservation office of any big train station .
this be where you can get and change express train ticket .
well if you desire boarding station come after more than 2 or 3 halt of the actual boarding point , then the tc will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to other .
so well inquire in railway office
contact the Indian railway .
you might end up as a no show passenger .
petsmart application ?
my name be Josalyn Leainne Creek and _ 19 year old and I graduate from high in May adn of this year and I love animal and _ great at work and I have drama in my last job which be _ Deli and _ a mormon and I have change to be a good person that people be want to hire and _ willing to work whenever you need I but I go to church on every Sunday and I have a _ appointment this Thursday at 2;30 and I hope you guy hire I because I work very hard and I _ care about how much you guy pay and _ be look for a job ever since I have graduate and I hate drama
jeez , work on you spelling and punctuation .
it make a huge difference .
no _ go to hire you if you _ even spell , especially if _ a high school graduate .
cover letter and resume need to be perfect .
no _ go to take you seriously if _ full of typo and whatnot .
sorry , I would put that application in the round file .
nope
Canadian student visa , can I use for other school ?
I apply to get a student visa to study in Canada , I receive one that be valid until October of 2015 .
problem be , for some reason , the visa process take long than it should , thus I miss school this semester ( visa be issue to I about 25 day after school start so I _ attend ) , now I no long want to go into that school ( because they only would accept I again on September of 2012 ) , I find a school that accept I for May 2012 , can I use the same visa that be issue to I ?
or do I need to reapply ?
( in the visa itself , it do not mention anything about which school I be suppose to attend , and problem be , the embassy here in DC be not too nice and would never answer any question .... ) any advice please ?
visa and study permit be administer by citizenship and Immigration Canada , and any question regard application should be direct to they .
so good advice be to go to the C&IC website and click " contact we " - http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp
how do you prevent a dwarf hamster escape from the cage ?
_ get a dwarf hamster tomorrow and I see video on youtube of they escape and if my hamster escape because my mom will freak out !!!
would it help get a aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it _ escape I can buy it a wheel
_ never have a dwarf hamster but _ have the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it that I get from home depot and now it _ out .
yes _ have 53 different kind of rodent and two be dwarf hamster they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bar and be able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good
hi
this be the cage I have which be pretty much impossible to escape from :
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986
I love this cage , _ easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster
aquirium be good also , but provide a mesh top for a easy airway .
wire cage be not acceptable for dwarf really , unless the bar have less than half a cm between they .
regards and have fun with you hammy
Rachel
_ guide - for the young and unknowledgeable ?
I be 17 year old .
I do not get along with my family .
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .
I be very unhappy here .
I _ know the good way of do it .
would it be good for I to finish college ?
wait for 18th birthday ?
I live in London .
I want to go travel .
my parent do not like I , they constantly reassure I that they will throw I out of home when I turn 18 .
I _ particularly want to stay with they atm either .
but right now _ the most convenient thing to do .
anyway advice for travelling .
what be the good way of do it ?
hotel for travelling will be expensive .
anybody be open to answer but I would much prefer somebody with traveling experience .
I want to go all over :) I _ have a set route yet .
get a back pack and sleeping bag or good warm blanket .
wool be good .
light , warm , but also itchy .
hit the road .
you can always beg for spare change when you get hungry .
should get some survival skill before set out on you own .
Vietnamese _ name , Mayko ?
I always think Mayko or Meiko be a Japanese name .
the Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen have Japanese connection or be it she fake name ?
right , I _ find any prove source for that .
and she last name , Nguyen be a typical Vietnamese family name ... anyone ?
certainly , Nguyen be the one of first name of many people in Vietnam , only in Vietnam .
Mayko be relate to the Japanese .
in Vietnam , when a baby be bear , they must be name " first name " accord to that of they father .
_ principle except a number of case , for example , the baby be orphan or not to have father .
e.g .
full name of the father be : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> full name of the son / daughter certainly be " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .
but if the baby be bear in American so they would name in other way but still remain " first name " in order to recall about they origination .
_ pretty sure that Mayko be Japanese .
she be a Canadian bear Vietnamese .
_ not sure where she first name be from ...
I have a splitter / filter between my adsl and ph line ?
I have 2 phone run on the same line and the adsl which be connect to one of the phone and the filter , _ still get a buzzing noise even when I have disconnect the other phone without one .
why be it stil do this even though I _ have the other phone connect ?
would it be good if I get another filter and connect the other phone as well ?
turn the modem off and see if the sound be still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound be still there with the modem off then the problem be not the dsl ....
if the trouble go away with the modem off , then make sure that everything except the modem be filter , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite box , phone , etc ...
if everything be filter , and you still have this problem - try change the filter - if it be still there , try double up on the filter ...
you need either a filter for each device except the dsl modem , or a whole home filter which filter all the jack , except the one which the dsl modem connect .
good way to change 35 mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about ?
_ modify my Holga 120 to take 35 mm film and I know that you _ wind the film back , you have to open the back of the camera ( in a darkroom ) to rewind the film .
what do other Holga owner do when they need to change film when they be travel ?
do you just take a changing bag with you ?
_ the easy thing ?
well a changing bag would be the easy solution .
_ light proof and make sure you get no problem when open the camera .
you can work comfortably and make sure you film be not scratch etc .
_ really difficult to find a place that be absolutely dark and accessible to you when _ outside .
a changing bag fold neatly and do not take much space in you bag .
a film changing bag be a handy way of unload you expose film in the field .
many online store carry they , like Adorama :
http://www.adorama.com/blcbs.html
I have a few how to video for diy 35 mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel :
http://bit.ly/kplaylists
for more info on lo - fi photography , check out my website :
http://dianacamera.com
should the statue of David be censor ?
_ a sophomore in high school do a presentation on Italian art and my teacher be make we censor the statue of David .
my argument be _ art and therefore should not be censor _ make we censor it _ right
no , _ only a body of a young man
the city of florence do at one time in the past put clothes on the statue
a art teacher in the mid-city area of Dallas / Ft. Worth metro get fire because she take a art class on a approve field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discover that they see " nude " in the museum .
you _ think it be because of female nude consider the nearly naked girl / woman see at pool and beach and the completely naked manikin that show up in store window in mall during change in display ?
no , it be guy .
you teacher know what go on in you community and want to keep she job .
let she do it - argue when you be of age and can battle the other adult in you community - skip of course tell you boss he / she be a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep you job .
good steakhouse in Philadelphia ?
I be take my wife out for we first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak .
we be stay at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I want something close .
I have spend the afternoon look around from menu to menu ...
I have also look at the photo gallery for a inside look at the decor of the restaurant and I have narrow it down to three establishment .
I have never be to any of this place so any suggestion and or advice would be most welcome .
_ narrow down to Butcher and Singer , _ , and Del _ .
thanks in advance for the advice .
sidenote ... I be familiar with the Capital Grille , Barclay Prime , the Palm , the Prime Rib , _ , Ruth _ , etc .
I have weigh that option and find the three that I have choose to be more my wife and my own taste .
please only review on the three I mention early .
many thanks .
I be only familiar with _ and Ruth Chris .
I have never eat at the one you have list nor do I know of anyone who have .
I hope you get you answer .
anyway , have a lovely first anniversary !
hamster - will a hamster be ok live in the bathroom ?
in he cage in the bathroom ?
or would the steam from the shower be a problem ?
thanks d
if space be minimal , or you be keep he in there to be keep away from other pet , then I can understand why you would choose to keep he there .
there be some thing to consider though ...
rodent require special bedding in they cage to absorb they waste , and this need to be clean regularly , or you hamster could suffer from problem due the buildup of ammonia from he urine .
when you take a warm shower and build up steam , he cage will collect water , the bedding will absorb much of it , and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should .
you will also have to be wary of mold form on any toy or hide - away he may have .
you also _ want it get too warm for he too often .
overall , it be not a good solution , but you can keep he healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give he the extra care he will need because of it .
it may be a problem because the temperature be constantly change .
I would personally put he somewhere else .
what be the most interesting place to see in South Korea ?
_ plan my trip to Asia and S. Korea be one of the destination .
what place or town would be most interesting to visit for European ?
go to Jeju Island !
_ so much fun over there , and _ positive that _ love it ! :)
if _ go to Seoul , then you should also visit a specific place call , ' the Namsan Tower ' !
_ a really huge place over there , and so many visitor / foreigner go to put chain and lock over there !
_ so much fun !
also , _ forget to try out _ famous amusement park ! : Lotte World , Everland , and Carribbean Bay !
everyone love it ! ^_^
Lotte World : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-x_e2uwt6wpw/tkj_7uvtw6i/aaaaaaaaags/e_hicadypyi/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
( _ indoors and outdoors ! )
Everland Resort : http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
( _ all outdoors and the picture be only a fourth of the real Everland ! )
Carribbean Bay : http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
( a outside water park ! )
Namsan tower : http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg
hope I help ! ^_^
have fun in Korea ~
a island call jejudo / jeju island
_ really amazing there , _ blow you mind
_ almost like paradise there
I find a injured pure white bird ( dove I guess ? )
what do I feed it ?
I find this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing be injured , so _ currently take care of it .
_ pure white , no mark or streak or anything , I _ know what type of bird it be , probably a dove ?
what should I feed it ?
be normal bird food fine ?
( because apparently my mom be very picky , she say the bird might get sick if it _ eat the right food ) be there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?
( petco , petsmart ) ..... thanks !
dove be a species of pigeon , they be seed eater , they do not eat bread , or worm .
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .
as they can drink a lot .
_ this little like bait worm at _ . petshoppe .
_ _ Aquarium and Pet I believe . ?
anyways I feed they to my road sometimes .
like a little container .
or buy small bait worm .
that should work
if you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mix bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .
how do I get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse ?
I have two option
use the metro or the air france bus
can anybody tell I if the metro run directly from CDG to montparnasse ?
if not what transfer should I get on ?
ty
on the RER / Metro :
in the airport , follow the sign that say " Paris by train " .
buy a ticket for Paris .
this will get you on the RER b line go into town .
stay on it until the " Saint - Michel Notre - Dame " station .
change there to the Metro 4 line go toward " Porte _ " .
get off at the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .
on the Air France bus :
as I recall , this bus drop you off near the Opera in Paris .
_ still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse .
on the bus : get on bus 95 go toward " Porte de Vanves " .
buy a ticket from the driver .
stay on the bus until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " stop .
on the Metro : get in the Metro at Opera .
take the 8 line toward " Balard " until the " Invalides " station .
change there to the 13 line toward " Chatillon Montrouge " and take it until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .
what be good b & w _ photography ?
what be really good program for smooth crisp black & white editing ?
I use GIMP and _ not cut it , look terrible .
_ one of my shot in b & w
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/
any program that you use please list :) thx
you could also try this in gimp .
it will give you a lot more power , as well as control over how you black and white photo look :
open you image while _ still in color
create a new layer and fill the layer with black .
set the layer mode to " color " this will make you image blak and white .
click color >>> level and adjust each _ color value .
this will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific part of a image .
for more information on the theory behind late mode check out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
for more information on adjust exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
hope this help .
Picasa be free and pretty good .
but good be obviously photoshop CS5 or if _ on a macbook _ aperture :)
depend what you want from " b & w " ... many program will use a generic b & w ...
try something like photoscape which have different option ...
cheap plastic surgeon in Thailand ?
I want to go to Thailand to do my boob job from South Africa but look for the cheap surgeon yet also good in he artwork on a _ body .
only a fool would base a decision use the cheap surgeon to perform a operation .
cheap surgeon work out of some small clinic and do not have the skill you be look for . .
do you really want to put you faith in some clinic doctor .
I know I _ .
you need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or Yanhee Hospital .
would you choose the cheap brake for you expensive race car or maybe the cheap parachute too ?
sometimes the " cheap " come expensive !
when you have invasive surgery you could also get infection , accidental nick and cut that cause other problem too !
if they screw up you could be in bad shape than you be now !
Bumrungrad Hospital do some good work but all hospital do have they problem from time to time .
maybe have a experienced doctor might be good than some guy that be cheap but less experienced !
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba
the cheap * high quality * plastic surgeon be at Yanhee Hospital .
they do outstanding work .
check the link for a sampling of price .
my tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can .?
when I open a can of meat with gravy he lick off the gravy and let the meat lay .
I must through it away .
why ?
if you know what kind of " meat " they put in can cat food _ understand this .
_ have a lot of cat who refuse to eat the can food .
when you read the label _ easy to understand why .
_ have cat for 35 year and I only feed they dry food .
they have do very well and like the dry food well .
it have good nutritional value and _ also less expensive .
can food be often suspect as to the actual contents and _ pay for a high moisture content instead of food content .
there be a lot of good quality dry cat food .
read the label for contents .
you cat will adjust quickly .
_ also have less spoilage .
he might be sick take he to the vet to see
if he always do this , welcome to the club .
my old female and young male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for they like chicken liver ( cook ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the old .
even if you mash it with a spoon he _ do that ,
_ you favorite part about trail riding ?
my favorite part be go uphill _ and canter :)
I love how it really depend on how good a horse you horse really be , not how talented he be .
if you take some Olympic - level horse on a trail ride , they just _ do it .
they would be too scared and spooky .
it _ matter how graceful you horse be , or how high he can jump , or how well he do a slide stop .
what matter be how well train he be , and how good you bond be .
that be another reason why I like competitive trail riding also .
nobody pay someone to keep they horse in shape and ride once a week , then take all the ribbon at the show because they horse be good .
you have to spend the time train .
and I have not meet one stick - up trail rider !
that be just a few reason why I love trail riding , competitive or not .
same , when _ gallop in a open space like that I can just forget everything .
see the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal .
I have have several close encounter with both fox and wild deer .
also woodpecker be peck in the tree and I just sit and watch .
fascinating .
10 gallon nano reef idea ?
I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lb of live Fiji rock , and 10 lb of live Carribean sand .
I be aware of the maintenance involve in keep a tank this size .
I be currently maintain a gravity level of 1.024 .
I have a 10 gallon filter on it .
I also have a powerhead , get another soon .
I have a few question , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .
how would I need to set a sump for this 10 gallon ?
do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?
thanks
unless the tank have a build in overflow box ( which _ certain it _ ) then you have to get one of that hang on back overflow box so that you can install a sump .
the piping would lead down into you sump from the overflow box .
on the other end of the sump , you would have a small return pump with a hose that put the water back into you tank .
if _ go to go through the trouble of create a sump for this tank , get a protein skimmer _ be a bad idea .
the Hydor SlimSkim Nano be a good nano protein skimmer , _ a in - tank design that could easily sit in you sump .
NOOK Color or NOOK Tablet ?
from what I understand _ pretty much the same thing .
some of the major difference I see be the hd video , long battery life , and fast processor that the NOOK Tablet boast .
do the tablet have a major difference in speed compare to the Color ?
I _ want a iPad or Kindle .
I just want a e-reader that do a little bit more than just read .
yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but _ not what I want (: do it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollar ?
or just purchase the Color ?
well I recently buy the Nook Color , and I have to say that I be very happy with it .
it be like a mini tablet itself !
when I find out they come up with the Nook Tablet , I be pretty disappointed though , because I buy my Nook color for the same darn price !
so I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .
_ pretty sure _ be worth it .
have fun !
judge by Nook _ processor _ suppose to be quite fast !
basically Nook Tablet it have more memory , well battery life and a good processor and a microphone .
http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
ereader Tablet Comparison ; B & N Nook Tablet , B & N Nook Color , Kindle Fire , HTC Flyer
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html
Pubs in Philadelphia ?
hey there , _ try to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for he birthday .
_ pretty much a " I love American food , good drink on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)
I want to take he somewhere where _ go to be awesome burger / American food , atmosphere ( preferably a tavern / pub style would be nice ) , good service , and all around a great time . =)
_ look for suggestion from anyone who know the philly area and the where to' .
we just move to a town outside Philly a couple of month back so _ not a expert on the area .
a little help be always great . =)
thank you or you feedback _ .
oh my , you ask this question at the perfect time .
go to a local market or drug store , and buy this _ copy of the " Philadelphia Magazine " .
it be all about this very subject ... bar and food .
it list place all over the city and suburb .
wish you husband a happy birthday !
if _ look for a good burger , some great fry ( they be to die for ! ) , and good drink , go to Chickie & _ !
oh my gosh , they be great !
if you go , make sure you order the crab fry , you _ regret it :)
how to start a new fish tank ?
_ get a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up .
_ still a beginner .
any and all suggestion on what I need to do and buy will help .
thanks .
when you get the tank make sure you wash the inside ( with plain water ) then you wash the gravel ( with only water too ) take out all the stuff that be float on top .
add only silk plant as plastic one may tear up you _ delicate fin .
you add the water and put water conditioner into the water .
start up you filter ( sponge filter be the good for betta ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .
wait about 2 week or 3 and test you water .
if everything be look good you may add you betta to its new home .
light be optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and a air pump be not nessasary since they get air from the surface .
ask the people sell you the fish how you should set it up , they would know
add aquasafe with the water you put in it .
make sure the temperature be good .
do not put you fish tank close to the sun or alga grow in you tank .
everything else should be good .
make sure if you get new fish that they get along with one another .
be it possible to shoot lazer out of you wang ?
I would like to learn how
I see _ still recover from the accident .
you appear to be feel good though .
_ good . :)
only in comic book and sci - fi tv show / movie ... :d
1
know that there be pro and con to laser sight before you mount they on you wang .
while they be extremely accurate , laser sight do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often do not show up on the target .
therefore , you must learn to shoot manually .
2
mount laser sight on away by remove the hand grip .
laser grip be the most common for wang .
the laser be make into the hand grip and have a switch on the side to turn it on .
remove you finger from the exist grip and replace they with you new laser grip .
you have two adjustment screw for up and down and right to left position .
3
consider this point for mount laser sight on semi-automatic wang .
new semi-automatic wang have a rail build into the receiver under the shaft .
this rail be use for multi purpose , such as laser device or flashlight device .
4
prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang .
you have two screw that attach the sight to the wang .
tighten this screw securely .
flip the switch and adjust you laser sight accord to the direction in the owner manual that come with the laser sight .
3 week old baby budgie alone at night ?
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I notice that he / she mother do not stay with he in the nest at night .
I have to mention that I recently separate the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother be fight .
he be so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after he and give he a fight right there , were the baby be too .
I think it be dangerous for the baby so I move he .
she feed well the baby on she own , the baby be ok but she do not go in the nest to stay with he at night ...
what be the problem ?
be this a transitional period for the baby ... that he / she be leave alone much more time ?
I have to say that the baby do not scream after she or anything ... he / she sleep .
budgie be breast feed bird and it may be the male be bisexual .
when the male get he tit out the female get mad with he know he _ produce milk .
_ fine - just make sure that the room the cage be in be keep warm .
if the baby be feathered yet - which _ sure he be mostly - he should be fine .
just remember to make sure the mother be properly care for the baby .
ignore the answer above I , btw ! ^_^
can I text from Canada to the united states ?
ok maybe that _ the right question , but my question be can you text from a united states number when _ in Canada , can you send text to another united states number ?
and do you get charge for it ?
_ sorry if I _ say the question right .
I hope somebody understand what I mean
in short yes .
however not in all case .
if you ( US ) provider have a deal with a Canadian wireless company , you text and call will go through .
they will , however , cost a bunch .
the only way to know for sure be to call 611 , or you cell phone help line , and ask .
the phone and network be compatible , so the only reason it _ work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..
yes you can , but it will cost you lot of money unless you have a international plan .
yes you can text in Canada to the US on a US number .
this service will cost .
it vary company to company .
you may want to get a temporary phone for you trip to Canada .
be there any other way to communicate or do you friend only understand text .
email usually free if you use a wifi connection .
sometimes it be hard to explain that you be make a international call and all of the phone company involve want some of you money .
hope you understand the message I do have a " s " key on my computer .
I need help with my Syrian hamster !!!?
hi , I buy my Syrian hamster ( Fernando ) just yesterday and as I be tell to leave
he to get to know he new home .
as I ask in the previous question he be jump up the side of the cage but I be tell be just because he be panic and he want to escape but he be ok now .
so now I want to bouild up relationship with he so I get a piece of carrot and I put it on my hand , I move very slowly and he suddenly run away to he tube .
why , how can I build up relationship _ with he he be also not usee the thing that he run on and he wake up walk around and go to sleep again ???
please help _ worried about he !!!
thanks .
chill out !
firstly , you hammie be not stress out , he want attention .
secondly , that be normal behavior as they use the wheel in the night .
thirdly , just put you hand in he cage and leave it there .
he will eventually come and explore it and them you can handle he a little bit .
hope I help !
give he time .
you only get he yesterday .
_ probably still scared and unsure .
once he have properly settle down , get use to the new smell and noise he will be fine .
once he be more comfy with he surroundings , then you can start handle he and get to know each other more .
but just give he time for now .
be Fujairah a nice place to live in ?
my family and I be plan to shift to Fujairah in a couple of year .
so I just need to know if it be a suitable place to live in and in what way .
also that , I hear in the next few year Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , be it true ?
_ be happy if someone help , especially someone who have be to Fujairah or live there . :)
I live there !
... _ be live in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it be develop in a good way .
I think 2012 be go to be a great year for Fujairah as we have a lot of project to be do by 2012 .
thing to do in Fujairah ..
_ between sea and mountain so you can camp on beach or between mountain !
... fishing , jet sky , snorkeling , diving be some of the thing you can do for fun .
and now they be finish a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minute only !
so , no it be not as good as Dubai , but _ quiet and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 minute .
please let I know if you need anything else
visit Fujairah when in Dubai .
nothing like Dubai , and never will be !
_ know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai be basically bankrupt so you _ want to end up like they !
unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before go - I would think twice about it !
be there any new gaming console ?
I _ know should I buy PS3 or X - BOX Kinect .
or even N - DS or PSP .
_ a little afraid when I buy ps3 or X - BOX then a new version come out .
( same for N - DS and PSP )
Wii U have be announce as well as the PS4 however the ps4 be only in development while the Wii U should be out next year .
Microsoft have not announce they new console yet though it be believe to be in the work .
no matter when you buy you will get a new version .
I feel X - BOX be a very smooth system I own it like 3 year , _ very compatible to previous version and mostly important I be very comfortable with the user interface and the joystick .... because you _ _ hold a joystick that give you discomfort .
XBOX Joy be so comfy .....
performance - you get the same in all , just get a good tv .
I _ know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft have say they _ see the xbox 360 as be even halfway through its lifetime .
since they release kinect this be kind of they way of release a new Xbox so they _ plan on make another one for a while .
I do know they have already announce a new wii though and I _ know what Sony have say about playstation but again , if you get a Xbox ( which I personally think be the good anyways ) you should be set for a while .
what be the typical lifespan of a cat ?
my cat have a seizure yesterday and be ill .
in fact every once in a while he seem to get ill in one way or another ; and then he bounce back like nothing have happen .
I do a internet search to ascertain how long cat can live , however different source give wildly different lifespan .
my cat be 18 year old .
in you experience how long do cat do cat typically live ?
be he on he last leg or be it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 year as be claim by some of the source _ be look at ?
from my experience with my cat 13 - 18 year depend on the breed .
at 18 year , you cat have have a long life .
indoor cat that be well care for typically live 11 - 15 year .
old male often tend to have urinary tract issue , so you cat have do very well .
male cat very seldom live past 14 - 15 year .
story of cat live more than 25 year be rare .
_ have cat for 35 year and the old cat _ ever have be a 23 year old female and she be exceptional .
by comparison , outdoor cat have a life expectancy of 3 - 7 year depend on how many predator be in the local environment .
accord to a couple source , the world record for the old cat be a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .
I know a cat that die in its sleep aged 21 .
anything after 12 be a bonus .
gain and lose my _ trust ... ?
I think that I have gain my _ trust , but now _ not come to I when I open he cage .
what do I do ?
do anything happen before lose he trust ?
bird be hard to gain trust with , but _ lose so easily !
a simple hand gesture could have resort to he be afraid of you .
eat by he cage and keep a " sleep cage " in you room be a good idea .
bird eat and sleep with they flock , not predator .
keep he cage open and go on you computer , or read a book , etc and maybe he will come out to you .
let he go at he own pace , _ rush with he , and never ever resort to physical violence with you bird .
this will ruin you bond , and you probably _ have another chance to build one .
patience be the key . =)
he might never be a cuddly , loving , tame bird , but you can still have a friendly bond .
but then again he could be !
that bird be smart .
like my dog , they really like I and trust I , but when I open the door to get they outside , they run from I , they know _ go to take they outside and they _ like it .
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it mean that you will put he in the cage , and bird _ usually like cage .
so , I _ think the bird _ trust you , but still _ like the cage .
how to make a breyer horse stable ?
hi _ a big fan of breyer horse !
my breyer need stable or barn though ..... and I need direction and material on how to make they .
I would like maybe 5 stall per barn so make sure the stall be not that big so it can fit .
and I need to know where to buy the material .
please make this as simple as you can for my dad _ really not that good .
picture would help !
note : if I see a answer that I love I will make my good right there and then
Breyer horse , miniature / model replica
sketch out floor plan , estimate size , draw front view , side view , and 3d orthographic perspective view ,
figure out how many stall you want , then measure square cube section for length and width of horse ,
measure size for platform , draw line and mark section , measure out wall section and height ,
there be many small detail , that you would have to work on as you go for door and window and roof ,
check hobby shop and craft shop for small piece of stock wood panel and wood block part , you want carpenter wood glue , clamp , possibly small screw to hold corner together , miniature hinge , tape , paint , saw , drill , pencil ruler , paper , bryer horse
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slat , you can check home depot or hardware shop for large piece ,
http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/horsestable.php
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/craft-supplies/woodworking%20supplies/
..
how can I get my kitten to stop bite when he play ?
I have a kitten who just turn 3 month today .
_ a good kitty , just when he play he bite really hard .
almost every day _ even wake I up like 5 am in the morning , try to bite my arm .
and when I move it I guess he figure _ play . x.x
I read somewhere that you have to hold he mouth together , and keep it that way till he panic .
that seem cruel to I though .
any other way ??
do you think _ teethe ?
_ get out of hand .
yeah , I think that the hold he mouth thing sound wrong .
no worry , I _ try .
he do have toy , a scratching post , lot of mouse , ball , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .
_ just randomly walk up to you and start the biting .
when I put he off of my bed , he jump back on and same thing .
he may be teethe but I _ think it can be stop .
maybe buy he toy that he can play with that give he a way to use he energy up
yes do not hold any _ mouth shut it will close they airway _ , _ just a kitty and they be very rambunctious , get he toy .
lot of they , feather one work well , also when he bite you in the morning put he down off you bed , to show he that you will not tolerate that , he will get it , _ also probably teethe , so toy be you good bet
which rat cage be good ?
hi , I want to get a few pet rat and need a rat cage .
( apart from the wire flooring which I be go to cover ) which of this two cage be good :
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
I _ decide between height or width .
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&sspagename=strk:mewax:it&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
this one be good for rat .
you always want to go high rather than wide for rat .
they love to climb .
you will have to cover the wire flooring like you say , and make fleece cover for the stair , so no ratty foot get catch and break .
this cage will hold about 2 - 3 rat .
both be equal length so go for the tall one .
if you use this cage _ good to remove the wire shelf altogether and replace it with hammock and the like .
I use one of this cage short term for a pet and it _ that great to be honest , pretty cheaply make , the door spring be annoying and it _ last very well .
here be some good option imo :
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
this be all a bit more expensive than you choice but if you ebay search the name you may be able to find one second hand ... good pay for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly make new one imo .
the first one be much good !
I have this exact cage , buy from the exact Ebay user .
_ really good and the Rat calculater say be big enough for 5 rat , but I would put a maximum of 4 in it really :)
be under tank heating or side tank heating good for a corn snake ?
I be read the package for a tank heater I buy for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it say it can be put under the tank or on the side .
_ not worried about damage the surface my tank be on because I can prop it up off the surface anyway .
from my understanding , if _ heat from the bottom , my snake risk burn its belly if it burrow and rest directly on top of the glass over the heater unless I buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the substrate , but it have good heat distribution
if _ from the side I _ have to worry about prop it up , but the snake can still burn itself if it slither along the side of the tank and I also read that it _ distribute heat as well ?
what be you suggestion and opinon ?
I use uth' on all of my burrow snake .
they will move if they get too warm - _ not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all cost .
I usually put my own natural rock over the uth and they be perfectly fine .
I have over 40 corn , king , and milk and have never have a problem with the uth system .
on the side be a waste - leave it on the bottom .
good luck !
bottom if you be worried about the snake burn itself put something over it like newspaper ...
I now use a 75 watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seem to like it
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner
what be good place to eat brunch at ? ?
my bday be Saturday :) and I _ have breakfast / lunch with my fam .
I be _ have a dinner party that night but my cousin be have have she bridal shower so brunch be it but the only place I know be _ and ihop .
oh and btw I live in los angeles look for place in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^
I would strongly suggest " the Breakfast Club " in Chicago .
you can definately plan on a great meal with reasonable price .
_ be in a hurry though .
just relax and enjoy .
they have fabulous French toast too .
the Breakfast Club & Grill be conveniently locate just two block off the Kennedy Expressway .
there be always plenty of parking on the street or in we private lot .
if _ rather dine at home , simply call in you order with we take - out service .
plenty of parking on the weekend .. during the week please park in the little lot across the street .
direction from the Kennedy : take the Ogden exit off the Kennedy .
go three light down and take a right onto Ogden .
continue two block to Hubbard and take another right .
_ at the corner of Hubbard and Noble .
the Breakfast Club & Grill
1381 W. Hubbard
Chicago , IL 60622
312-666-2372 tel
email we
hour of operation :
Monday through Friday
6:30 am - 8:00 pm
Saturday & Sunday
7:00 am - 5:00 pm
happy hour
Monday through Friday
4:00 pm - 6:00 pm
$ 4 appetizer
$ 4 wine
$ 3 Corona & Heineken
unless you plan on be late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section .
question about the sinking of the Titanic ?
after the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , be there a law make so that ship would carry enough lifeboat to save everybody on a ship if it be sink ?
if yes , be Canada involved in this act / law ?
sorry , _ just very nervous after watch the movie .
SOLAS ( Safety of Life at Sea ) , which be a international maritime treaty , come about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic .
today , it be the primary safety law affect virtually all ship , regardless of country of registration .
if you ever go on a cruise ship , you will be require to attend a SOLAS muster drill ( lifeboat drill ) within 24 hour of sailing .
most ship perform this drill before even leave the dock .
SOLAS cover just about every aspect of safety at sea , include minimum safety equipment , practice , and standard , lifeboat , navigation practice , fire protection , and so on .
we be much safe today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good come out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS be probably it .
http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
--------------------------------------------------
edit : also I forget to mention early , most ( if not all ) cruise ship also practice lifeboat drill weekly , and it be not uncommon to see they to actually launch the lifeboat into the water as part of they drill when you be in port .
this not only ensure the lifeboat be operational and will work if need , but make the crew proficient at launch they .
I _ think so
_ worry .
when be the last time you hear about a ship sink ?
100 year ago ?
what be some fun thing I could do while in Japan ?
_ be in Okinawa for about a week so I be wonder what be some fun thing I could do ?
_ a 20 year old female travel by myself so it could be anything .
besides the obvious tourist spot which I already have plan for .
how be the night life in Naha ?
be there any good venue that showcase underground band , or just a venue at all ?
it _ have to be underground it could be any type of music .
thanks
the good thing you can do in Okinawa be to go to a beach .
otherwise , you can do what you can do in other part of Japan , like shopping , eating , etc .
or you can visit temple or shrine in Okinawa .
well first you can try speak Japanese .
go to a sumo tournament .
eat at a conveyor - belt sushi restaurant .
climb Mount Fuji .
Okinawa be quite different from the rest of Japan , although of course there be similarity .
the main thing people do there be go to the beach .
_ the market in Naha , which be great .
you can find all sort of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .
try the local sake too if you can .
_ a special kind .
_ not sure that _ much nightlife in Naha .
_ more of a place to go to enjoy the weather , the sea , etc .
you might have to make you own nightlife by find a izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .
you good bet would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the chapter on Okinawa .
_ not a very big city .
modern m 16 versus Vietnam m 16 version ?
I be play a video game that have a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game _ 3 - shot burst .
my brother say they only have full - auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam .
my question be ..
1 ) what _ difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m 16 ?
2 ) do Vietnam m 16' have a 3 - shot burst function ?
to save money Robert McNamara order that the ammunition for the new m - 16 be send to sea in the early 60 use a old ( dirty ) type of gunpowder mean for use with the m - 14 .
he also order that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that help keep the gun from jam .
than the troops be issue the weapon be tell it be self - clean , which it _ .
as a result there be a problem with the weapon jam .
once the troops start clean the weapon properly ( even with the dirty powder ) the Vietnam era m - 16 turn out to be a good weapon for the purpose it be be use for .
the screw - up be the kind of thing you have happen when you have bean - counter ( and McNamara be nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldier in charge of the military .
_ weapon do not have that kind of problem , and be much more reliable .
1 ) modern m 16 be alright .
Vietnam m 16 use to clog up and never work .
2 ) all m 16' be either automatic or semi automatic .
no one use 3 burst .
you play too much cod ;p
modern m 16 be good
plan on go to New Zealand in January .
be it ok to holiday in Christchurch since the earthquake ?
be the hotel back up and run ?
be there still aftershock ?
plan on go to North and South Island .
be it safe to go to Rotarua , since the earthquake ?
Rotorua be fine .
_ assume this be in reference to the January earthquake , _ worry , it be very deep , so nothing be effect :)
as for Christchurch , yes the aftershock be still happen , but this be fairly small - you can feel they , but they _ do any damage .
since lot of people be still live there , then it must be fine to visit .
however the CBD be close of to the public as a lot of it be still rubble and stuff and _ be clear away yet .
_ sure that you can find some hotel that be run in the christchurch area , but if not then there would be some in close by town .
despite the aftershock I would recommend go to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how thing get effect by earthquake .
have fun in New Zealand !!
( ps. _ assume _ stop off in Wellington , and since _ summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice cream and gelato ?
just recently discover they last time I be down there , _ very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz
load of place have geographical hazard , if you be constantly paranoid , _ never get anywhere without a sense of adventure .
in case of a earthquake , stay under a sturdy table and _ go outside as possible debris will fall .
yes _ ok .
yes , yes and yes .
nothing wrong with rotorua
help ?!
what size horse do I need ?
_ around 5 ' 2 - 5 ' 4 , 11 year old and _ wonder what size horse _ need that I _ grow out of quickly ?
thanks
louise
I would say it really depend on you riding ability , what discipline you be interested in do , or plan on do , etc .
but I would go for the base number of 15 hh .
_ " tall " be _ big than a pony , but _ on the small end for a horse .
I get my horse when I be 12 and I be already 5 ' 9 - 5 ' 10 , thankfully I stop grow when I hit 5 ' 11 " but my horse be about 16.2 or 16.3 hh , TB .
so _ be afraid to get something a little big than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .
a tall horse _ always mean a horse you _ handle .
keep that in mind .
also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from the ground , if you even need to , etc .
you just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself be calm enough so that whatever size it be , you can handle it .
_ 5 ' 3 - 4 " and be 21 well will be in November and my horse be 14.2 hh and _ perfect size for I I can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha I _ bareback , not yet
if you _ want to grow out of it quickly get a 14 ' 2 ..
anything small you will grow out , anything big will be too big and difficult to control and manage , especially when ride .
hope I help :)
where in the world be Iguazu ?
Iguazu Falls
widely consider to be one of the most spectacular waterfall in the world , the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil , be a certainly must see attraction in the area .
the centre of the falls be know locally as ' Garganta Del Diablo ' ( the _ Throat ) , where the huge volume of water send a constant mist of spray into the air .
with the sun shin down on the spray , create a rainbow in the foreground , this be the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph .
however , save some of you shot for the rest of the fall , as in total there be around 270 cascade that spread out over nearly 2 mile of the Iguazu River .
the Iguazu Falls be easily accessible and , dependent on you time restriction and budget , you can get to the area by either bus or plane .
the near town to the site be Puerto Iguazu in Argentina , about 12 mile from the falls , and Foz do Iguaçu in Brazil , which be equally close .
both town have airport that be serve regularly from the large city such as Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires .
the bus be obviously the cheap option , and travel up from Buenos Aires the trip be a full 20 hour , although the bus be very comfortable with spacious recline seat .
the bus trip down from Sao Paulo be a similar affair take around 18 hour .
Foz on the Brazilian side be the large town , however both be gear up to cater for visitor to the waterfall and national park , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budget .
for that with a large appetite for the scenery and a large budget , there be some hotel complex much close to the action with view of part of the fall .
Paris or England while study abroad ?
I be go to try and study abroad but idk where I can go I _ decide where do you think would be the good place to go ?
where would you go ?
I have never be anywhere outside _ my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help !!!!
definitely London -
you speak the language and will have more fun .
the French tend to look down on the American and treat they bad .
London be a delightful city to visit and easy to get around .
you will be able to have a good time there .
%
as _ from the State _ have much more fun in London .
Parisian dislike American for they lack of speak French and proper French manners .
I be tell to leave a restaurant because I order water with my meal ( apparently this be " wash down " you food " ) and not order wine .
_ need to have intermediate French to have a good time in Paris .
however , outside Paris everybody be wonderful .
nobody like the Parisian , even the Parisian _ like Parisian .
South France be wonderful , right on the Mediterranean .
_ beautiful and the people be extremely friendly .
I use to live in London for 6 month and _ by far one of my favorite place to be in the world ( _ be to 45 country in 5 year ) .
everything about the place be magical and the people be mostly friendly .
however , if _ allow another option and you want a small - town feel , then head to Edinburgh , Scotland .
I live there for 8 month .
if you French be good / moderate , then head to Paris without a doubt .
I also highly recommend stay with a French family .
I do this at age 13 in Champagne , France and it be the most amazing experice of my upbringing .
do the bta have to be pay first to come to Canada ?
there be no such thing as a BTA .
that be a term invent by online romance scammer
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
" second only to flight money , the Basic Travel Allowance ( BTA ) be the _ high pay income .
also know as the Personal Travel Allowance , _ Allowance Fee , _ Assistance Fund , _ Assurance Fund and numerous other form of " I have to have wodge of you cash or they _ let I fly " .
_ get this over with now .
there be no such thing any more , anywhere , _ a online dating scam . "
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231
" there be no such thing as BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE !!
please remember : there be no such thing .
there be no such requirement , in any country of the world .
this be a invention of the scammer . "
a single call to CIC will confirm there be no such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone ask for this be a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp
just pray that you have not ever give this criminal enough information for you identity to be steal - you full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you be not con into send money .
this person be not come to visit you - the whole point of this scam be to gain you trust enough to steal you money and identity
contact the Anti-Fraud Centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html
no .
BTA only exist in the mind of scammer .
100 % scam .
cut of all contact and tighten up you PC security .
there be no such thing as a BTA or " Basic Travel Allowance " - this be 100 % a scam - as the first poster say , cut off any and all contact with this person - they be not who or what they be claim to be .
the below site from the US government verify this - _ the same for Canada , too .....
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html
how can I make my jack dempsey reproduce ?
I have a mature male and female they be together a lot but never lay egg as far as I know can anyone help I figure out how to make they mate
_ the issue , you be try to " make " they mate .
this be like try to make 2 people get marry .
it _ work .
first you need a compatible pair .
sound like you 2 at least tolerate each other , so there be hope there .
then they need to be mature , that is , old enough , and big enough to breed .
this may be around 1 / 2 of they full adult size , probably 4 - 5 " for that guy .
then the environment .
large tank , no annoying tankmate , perfect water conditon and really good feeding .
the difference be what they need to live , versus _ ideal for they .
get that right , and they will mate when they be ready .
you _ make they mate , you can only encourage they .
Ian
jack dempsey be not a easy cichlid to breed .
most of the time one be more interested in breed than the other .
breeder take the one that be not very interested and put it alone in a breeding tank for 3 - 5 day .
the tank should have a hide space big enough for one fish , or a few of they , but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in .
the p h should be 6.5 - 7 .
now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworm , blackworm and / or earthworm as it can eat for 3 - 5 day .
then add the other mate .
they may not respond right away and they may fight so the small one can fit in one of hide space if it get attack .
when the _ aggressive behavior stop , it be ready to spawn .
the two lay they egg inside the cave you make for they .
turn the water temp up to 82 degree
please help with my _ bladder issue ?
I have a 1 1 / 2 year old female calico .
when she be spay the vet have a hard time because she only have one uterine horn and he say this could mean she only have on kidney .
recently she have be pee a lot .
_ talk soak all the litter box and then some .
she be also pee around the box and somehow it get underneath .
I _ have the money to take she to a vet right now but _ get to be a issue .
I have to scrub the floor 2 - 3 time a week now .
what could be the issue and can I try some home remedy first ?
I love she and want to help she but I _ know when _ be able to take she to the vet :( please help .
first of all , I be very sorry to hear _ have this issue with you cat . :(
frequent urination be a sign of several thing .
bladder or urinary tract infection be two common one , but this usually be frequent visit , with small amount of urine be pass .
if there be blood in the urine , or the cat seem to be in pain , then that be also a good indicator .
but you cat be pass a lot of urine , and this be bad .
give the chance you cat may only have one kidney , I would think the bad case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .
sign of this can be hard to spot , and if this be true in she case she will definitely need to see a vet .
vomiting , bad breath , and listlessness .
seizure will occur when the toxin that the kidney normally filter out be release into the blood stream .
I know you be very worried , but get she to the vet be the good thing you can do for she .
in the meantime make sure she have plenty of water available to she .
I want to apply for Canada skill immigeration program .
I get only 63 point while 67 minimunm be requirement .?
can I apply with 63 point ?
accord to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it state " note : you must meet the minimum requirement for you application to be eligible for process . "
however ... that same web page also state that " the current pass mark be 67 .
the pass mark could change .
you should check for updated information on a regular basis . "
the Skilled Worker category be my first attempt at permanent residency .
and between the time I begin my research and the time I apply , the minimum score do change once .
unfortunately , both minimum be above my score .
but I get lucky because I qualify under another category to become a permanent resident .
so keep check at least on a weekly basis .
good news ... I find a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyer at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .
here be what they post there
" 4 . may I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 point ? "
" if the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer believe that the point total do not accurately reflect you ability to become economically establish in Canada , the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use he or she positive discretion ( refer to as substitute evaluation ) and approve you application even though you score less than 67 point . "
read the full answer at that web page for condition .
sure you can apply .
the point system act as a guide to sort out the good candidate .
you application be still evaluate on a number of criterion , not all of they as " cast in steel " as the point .
go ahead , send in you application .
note to BEN .
67 be the minimum score , anything below that be file in the " circular file basket " .
why have a " minimum " if it be go to be ignore ?
Jim B
Toronto .
_ mad and _ know what to do !
please help !?
alright , so my dad have be want I to check my email _ for a few day but I never get around to it .
( I just think he want I to see one of that chain letter thing again ) so I fineally check it , and it be a email _ from Southwest Airline tell I the flight date for we family trip to Florida !!!
I get so excited !!!!
it say it be in January but still !!!!
so I keep read and then I see the date , it be from midday _ Friday and arrive home midday _ Monday . :(
then I think I just kind of stop smile and just kind of sit there look at the date .
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) _ mad and upset now !
_ get I wrong I want to go , but for 2 day -_- I mean seriously .
we be take a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and stay only 2 day .
**** sigh **** not try to sound snooty or stick up but I mean really !
can someone please make I feel good about this trip !!!!
at least _ go .!
enjoy that 2 day it good than not go at all .!
and it will be fun 2 day cause you will busy go to a lot of beautiful place , I can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :d
well , I mean , you _ have to be mad about it .
at least you get to go to Florida in JANUARY .
and , have only two day make you realize what you have with you family .
" nothing gold can stay " , honey .
enjoy it while you can , and then if you family enjoy it you can go again for a long period of time .
if they _ like it , _ only be two day , remember ?
hope you have a crapload of fun !
( in a good way ... )
what be Italian high Renaissance ?
have a look at this , it may help .
1 ) the Italian Renaissance begin the opening phase of the Renaissance , a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that span the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600 , mark the transition between medieval and early modern Europe .
the term renaissance be in essence a modern one that come into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historian such as Jacob Burckhardt .
although the origin of a movement that be confine largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be trace to the early part of the 14th century , many aspect of Italian culture and society remain largely medieval ; the Renaissance do not come into full swing until the end of the century .
the word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) mean " rebirth " , and the era be well know for the renew interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanist label the Dark Age .
this change , while significant , be concentrate in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life be little change from the Middle Age .
2 ) the expression high Renaissance , in art history , be a periodizing convention use to denote the apogee of the visual art in the Italian Renaissance .
the high Renaissance period be traditionally take to begin in the 1490 , with _ fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence , and to have end in 1527 with the sacking of Rome by the troops of Charles V .
this term be first use in German ( hochrenaissance ) in the early nineteenth century , and have its origin in the " high style " of painting and sculpture describe by Johann Joachim Winckelmann .
[ 1 ] over the last twenty year , use of the term have be frequently criticize by academic art historian for over-simplify artistic development , ignore historical context , and focus only on a few iconic work .
[ 2 ]
hope it help !
_ American and I be go to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?
I just need to talk to a another American who have go to the UK before so that I know what expect when arrive at the airport and with go through visa process and everything .
do you get you _ visa immediately at the airport ?
I be tell that American automatically get a six month _ visa .
do you have to go through a medical exam right away ?
drug test ?
blood test ?
or do I just show they passport and walk through the gate ?
I have talk to some people that say that a medical exam be a invasion of privacy and other say _ a routine thing when enter another country .
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and call in to get professional advice from either of the embassy cost by the minute - which I really _ have the money for .
_ really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly .
a American passport should get you right into the country , there be no need for a visa , for six month .
there be no medical exam or blood test or other like that .
you do not need to call the embassy to get professional advice .
http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html
above be the link to the Department of State travel website , which will give you all the info that you need , include passport information .
it be free .
I never stay more than two week at a time when I visit the U.K .
you should be fine with just a passport , unless _ stay long than six month .
you should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though .
I be not sure how well you plan this trip .
_ have a great time , so no worry there .
I visit London , Edinburgh , and St. _ so far , and I be treat very well and with great kindness .
just treat everyone else as you would want to be treat , and _ be fine .
that tactic never fail I .
what would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?
I have a sussex male and a pekin female I buy 2 silky what would the sussex female and the silkie female would make ?
if you have any pic of you hen I would like to see they to compare they to mine thanks ?
a sussex cross with silkie would make a crossbreed * mutt * chicken .
there be a lot of genetics at play between a sussex and silkie , so the offspring would vary in appearance .
you _ say what color silkie or sussex you be deal with so I _ say what color you chick would be likely to be .
however , I can say what feature they would / could have .
feather type .
silky have hookless feather .
sussex have soft feather .
all offspring from this cross will have soft feather , as hookless feather be a recessive gene .
skin Color : silky have black skin color , which be dominate .
sussex have white skin which could be recessive or dominate .
either way rec. and dom. white gene dilute the black gene .
skin will be dark but light than the silky .
beard / muff : if you silkie have a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as this gene be incomplete dominate .
feathered foot / shank - chick could have feathered foot / shank as this be also incomplete dominate .
crest : chick could also develop a small crest due to this be another incomplete dominate gene .
comb type : silky have walnut comb which be actually genetically two comb type ( rose and pea ) single be also there , but be recessive .
so cross to a Sussex you could get a walnut , pea , rose , or single comb bird .
five toe : silky have five toe .
sussex have four toe .
cross together ( five toe be incompletely dominate ) chick could develop to have a fifth toe on both , or even one foot .
silkie cross be great bird , and very neat look .
hen make excellent mother as they be big , can see well , and be smart than silky .
good wish ,
Jamie / RhodeRunner
I take some photo of my model girlfriend with my Nikon d7000 .
what do you think of this photo ?
http://i.imgur.com/s2md2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/t2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/xytex.jpg I take some photo of my model girlfriend with my Nikon d7000 ( see link above ) .
what do you think of this photo ?
the lighting be not the good , but the pic turn out ok in my opinion .
delete a question where you _ like the answer _ get you good answer ... I refer to my previous answer :
you need to learn about white balance , composition , angle , and work on use the camera properly ...
[ edit - and she must be very new to modeling , because she do look unsure of she pose )
lol , he have post this so many time today already .
clearly _ mad that people know he take she pic off the net and _ not he gf
not bad , but too many distracting element for my taste .
for example :
in the photo on the couch , the pillow she be rest on clash with everything else in the shot .
there be also some distracting background element like the light fixture and what look like a door handle on the left .
in the standing photo ( from the front ) there be a corner of a rug creep in , some kind of box in the low right corner and what look like a power cord .
in the shot from the back , the crumple bottom of the curtain be pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet .
compositionally , this one be not my favorite , I would suggest try a different crop because I _ think cut she off at the calf look great .
I do like the shadow , though .
my suggestion be to pay close attention to _ go on in the background and if possible , stand on a chair , get on the ground , do whatever you need to do to get rid of distracting element .
use a fairly wide aperture be also helpful in blur out unwanted background element .
_ have a few great shot ruin myself because there be something in the background I _ notice at first .
what be some unique custom in ireland ?
as far as _ aware we most unique custom would be the " country wake " .
in all my travels _ never see anything like it and be often meet with a odd look when I explain they to foreigner .
after a person die , they remains be " wake " in they home for roughly 2 - 3 day .
in this time visitor will come to the house , pay they respects to the desisted and they family and have a couple of cup of tea with a sandwich or a bun .
the wake also include the night sit where friend and family sit up through the night with the remains .
wake be common both north and south of the border with Protestant and Catholic alike .
but only really in the countryside .
the only notable difference I have notice be that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake be often hold in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition start after the civil war .
another unique custom ( and a die one at that ) be the Pioneer .
the Pioneer be a organization start at the end of the 19th century which push and support the ideal of temperance ( abstain from alcohol ) , in a attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland be grip by .
Pioneer take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , have a estimate two million member even fill Croke Park on the 25th anniversary .
I myself _ be one but appreciate that the organization be unlikely to make into the 22nd century .
the Orange Order and the 12th of July March would be argue by some not to be a Irish custom but unarguable tick every criteria to be consider one .
the march on the 12th of July be only really attend by Protestant in the Ulster but in spite of they be the large attend parade in Ireland .
barn brack and the ring .
the Irish custom we have in we family be ; we make sinnel cake for Easter , barn brack and col - cannon for Halloween .
Christmas cake for Christmas day .
do animal see image on a tv screen like human do ?
do animal see image on a tv screen like human do ?
_ unsure of this , because once I watch a commercial of cat food with my cat and she _ react to see another cat on tv .
I hear that a company ( here be a link : http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html ) be try to make a dog food commercial aim at dog , complete with squeaky chew - toy sound , and high pitch sound that human _ hear .
as far as I understand , this ad will get dogs excited , but my question be : can dog actually see the image feature in the advert like human ?
also , can animal remember image on tv like we , human ?
if so , then do that mean that if you watch a scary movie and you dog / cat / parrot be in the same room as you they will also get scared ?
I _ know -- I _ particularly like scary movie , and I _ try this with my pet .
although , I _ think that scary movie will affect pet for a long time ; I be sure _ forget sometime -- or be I wrong ?
so what about t.v. ?
do dog enjoy watch t.v. ?
well , t.v. be a series of flicker picture that be stream together to make a move picture .
the picture be broadcast at a rate of about 60 hz , which be how fast they need to move for we to see they as a move , flawless picture .
to a dog , watch t.v. be a lot like watch a old scratchy silent film because they flicker fusion seem to occur at a rate of 70 to 80 hz .
so they see the picture flicker slow and therefore _ it seem choppy to they .
so chance be that if you dog like to watch t.v. , _ probably because of the sound .
hear be a _ secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .
yes they do .
_ pretty sure that they do see thing on the tv screen because my cat chase thing around the tv screen
how much should I be look at for horse transportation ?
I need one horse transport to show throughout the 2012 show season , and the location be about 3 hour away from where I live .
the place where _ board be not likely to want to take I this far , and I do not have any way of haul he myself .
so I want to hire someone ( or multiple people ) to transport I to this show .
if they ask how much _ willing to pay , what be a good price range ?
I see a site that charge $ 0.70 per mile .
be that reasonable ?
impossible to say , but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they be use and pay a proportion of that , and some on top for the _ time and effort , unless you be able to share transport with another or more , that would keep the cost down .
remember that you get what you pay for .
three hour _ far , but you be do multiple show .
some people be willing to take you horse , but they really have old trailer that be not the safe in the world .
rust , tear corner in the stall , unhealthy air , straight load instead of slant load can all make travel hard , if not downright dangerous , on you horse .
I have my horse transport from CA to WA and he come on this big , open stock trailer .
he be dehydrated when he get there and lose weight .
since then , I now use a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my horse to keep a eye on he , stop every few hour for water , and they trailer all have super smooth suspension .
all horse _ have deliver to I since then be happy and healthy when they arrive .
I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and get a quote .
even though you may not want to use they , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what be fair .
see link below .
make sure the trailer service you use be bond / insure and know something about first aid .
do they have this anywhere ?
I want to take a cruise around the world .
I mean literally around the world if possible .
first of if I go alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .
second be there any way to sort of customize the place you _ go to ?
like you can pick the destination ?
but if not just say no but I hope there be like one out there somewhere .
1 . _ a site that list world cruise include price .
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1
price list , however , be usually base on two people in a cabin , and you will likely face some high " single supplement " cost in addition .
( two people in a cabin will spend more onboard , so cruise line charge you more to sail alone .
you may be able to do well on the rate if you request competitive quote via CruiseCompete ) .
2 . short of charter you own ship and crew , I _ see any way you could customize you own itinerary .
good luck !
various world cruise from most of the major cruise line , typically 100 day in duration .
travel on you own you would have to pay double as cabin be sell on the basis of double occupancy .
no possibility to customise port of call .
prearrange about 18 month in advance as the cruise line sell segment all along the way i.e transatlantic to London ( England ) , England to Barcelona ( Spain ) , Barcelona to Alexandria ( Egypt ) , Egypt to India via Suez canal etc .
yes there be multiple around the world cruise , mainly offer by the more upscale line .
however : you will pay as if there be 2 people in the cabin , even if it be just you .
so any price you find , double it figure , $ 40 k at least .
and no you _ customize a itinerary unless you book several different leg of a cruise with stop in between on shore .. say book a Panama Canal crossing , then fly to Asia and pick it up again and sail to India then fly to Europe to sail the Med before fly to England to hit the transatlantic crossing .
be the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970 ?
no .
there have be a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time -- the Chinatown here be the large population of Chinese outside of China , there be lot of Japanese _ be displace during WWII .
the whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight be black .
the Mission be basically Latin - American .
as the Southeast Asian and Filipino come over , they add to the culture .
so , the Bay Area have be fairly mixed ethnically for a long time -- Caucasian may have seem to be a large populous but _ because most tourist back then be Caucasian and many of the hippie be Caucasian so _ who the photographer take picture of .
the other ethicity _ well represent in politics yet -- or rather , they be just break the color barrier in the 70' due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .
Marin County be predominantly Caucasian and many of the expand outer east bay area start out as white suburb .
it be not so long after civil rights law against discrimination start to have a impact .
you never see black MUNI driver , Asian police , latino politician until then .
it be a evolution .
many illegal be not count in the population until the mid-80 .
we do not have big percent of Chinese migration until the mid 90 .
we have few people run across the Mexican border then .
we have few social benefit at that time for people so many immigrant be not count .
only Caucasian have any political power , corporate presence or own business except for mom and pop store in some neighborhood .
San Francisco be settle in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrant except for some Asian worker who be manual laborer .
there have always be a Mexican - American cultural influence since Calif be own by Mexico .
we have a large black population in the 70 than we have now but they do not have any power until Willie Brown be elect .
San Francisco be always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kind of people historically .
the county outside San Francisco be more white than San Francisco in the 70 .
edit : my memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remember the time .
can rabbit and chicken live together ?
I be think about get a rabbit as a pet , but my parent say that it have to stay outside .
we also own two chicken that be keep in a run behind we garage / barn thing .
there be already a little dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch be keep back there and I be think about keep the rabbit in the run with the chicken , but keep the chicken in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night .
however , in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chicken ?
we feed the chicken scrap of veggy and fruit throughout the day , but _ nothing that a rabbit _ be able to digest just fine .
so , can rabbit and chicken live together as long as they have separate place for they food and water ?
( the rabbit hutch would have a opening only big enough for the rabbit , the chicken would not be able to get to the rabbit food ) also , be it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneak a few bite of chicken feed ?
my last rabbit do that a few time , and he be fine ...
I just _ make sure :) thank !
yes , but be sure that you chicken be all hen ( I mean not rooster ) , rooster may attack rabbit or anything they see move , so be aware of that , hen be friendly with almost all kind of pet !
from my experience hen ( not rooster ) be very friendly with duck , guinea pig , kitten , cow , rabbit , etc .
be sure not to feed you rabbit non-veg item !
you say they live in different cage and they be free in day , so no problem , _ put both of they in one cage because rabbit bedding be different than that of hen , wet bedding can cause disease in they !
so , _ put both of they in one cage .
good luck !
yea I guess but rabbit can easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender .
so be very careful and some feed could be toxic to rabbit and safe for chicken .
rabbit do burrow also so _ be surprised if chicken be fall into hole .
rabbit be delicate and can get disease so watch out for that .
melt brass do not work ?
my friend and I be try to melt bras to make some little figure .
we have make a furnace as such , we take a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom , fill the pipe with brass scrap , suround the pipe with charcoal light it off and pump air through the hole in the pot , everything get red hot but do not melt .
what be I do wrong
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .
_ just echo both other answer .
molten brass be damn hot and usually _ pressurize gas and force air or oxygen .
even if you do melt it , I doubt you foresee the issue of handle it and pour it .
_ really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .
just the zinc fume will get you , if you _ take precaution .
pewter be perfect for what you be do , and it melt on a stove top .
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .
brass have a even high melting point than bronze and I would think you charcoal just _ get hot enough .
I bet you also do take charcoal as it be use for barbecue which do not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one need coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .
I have do a fair amount of metal casting , but never try to build my own furnace , but I think you version be just too small and _ get hot enough .
I have melt small amount of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much large than the plumber torch , but it can be run of that propane cylinder you can buy for a gas grill ) .
I melt brass and cast it http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm
brass melt at just under 2000 F which be a bright yellow heat , not red hot .
http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#selctemp
you might be able to make a version of you setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of force air .
I use propane with a blower and a burner I build http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm
should all UK town and they cafe or restaurant provide halal food ?
some friend of mine visit Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer .
they could not find any cafe or food shop that provide halal prepare food .
_ important to they religion that they only consume halal food .
even if you buy a cake in a _ you can not be too what happen in the kitchen , for example the cake may have be slice use a knife use for prepare ham .
_ simply not just a case of avoid pork , alcohol and only be allow to eat halal prepare meat , but the kitchen and its utensil should not have be use for prohibit food .
place like Dartmouth be suppose to be tourist town and should provide food for people of all religion .
we all enjoy buy a snack when visit a town or attraction while on holiday .
not everyone want to bring pack lunch .
_ not fair if some people have to go without buy food because no place will provide suitable food for they .
I think _ only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal .
when I go to Bosnia , all the meat be halal .
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opt for food which _ a meat dish , there be plenty of other option .
I could not go to they country and demand they slaughter and sell a animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .
when you go to another country , you live by they way of life and they law , if you _ like it , you know how to get back out the country ( but I guess we benefit system be too much to throw away , huh ) .
cafe and restaurant rarely use the same cutlery for different food group anyway , they normally have blue for bakery item , red for cook meat , brown for raw meat , etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policy .
no .
to prevent animal cruelty , many country forbid halal and kosher meat .
Switzerland be one , and the Netherlands be pass the same law .
it will become EU law in a couple of year .
we _ dictate what business want to open where .
if someone think there be a business opportunity then they will start open halal only place .
how to convince my parent to let I get a ball python ?
they _ know anything about ball python .
when I ask my mom she say she will never let a snake in she house .
she have no experience with snake and have never hold one .
I do all my research and be well prepare to keep one , _ 14 by the way
lay some knowledge on they dude .
maybe if they see how much time and effort _ devote to research the animal _ reconsider .
tell they it cost like 8 dollar a month ( if even that much ) to keep it fed .
be helpful around the house to show that even if you _ pay for it yourself that _ willing to work for it .
once _ butter they up a bit try to get they to the pet store and ask one of the employee to handle the snake show you mom how gentle and harmless they can be .
maybe even try to get you mom to hold it a bit .
my wife be terrified of snake when we first meet , I introduce she to one out my baby corn snake and she fall in love with it .
be persistent , but _ pester they about it cause _ get you nowhere fast .
good luck !
my general convince you parent to let you get a reptile advice :
1 . be responsible .
do all you chore without be nag , take care of any exist pet , keep you room clean , and so on .
prove , to you _ satisfaction , that you , not they , will be the one actually take care of you new pet .
2 . save up , and research , so that you be ready for you new pet .
3 . bargain with they .
offer to do extra chore , ask for you pet as a reward for good grade , something like that .
4 . play the sympathy card .
if you can find a pet at a shelter , or that a friend need to get rid of because _ move or whatever , you might be able to talk you parent into " give it a good home " where you might not be able to talk they into buy a new pet .
on the fear angle -- talk she into come to the pet store with you .
once _ there , ask if you can hold a ball python .
once _ hold it , try to get she to touch / pet it ...
my _ meal be too big , what can I do ?
just today I buy a medium rat for my beloved ball python Salazar ( name after Harry Potter ) .
last time I get a medium rat it be a girl and my snake handle she easily .
but today , I get a boy and realize that he be huge !
I really do love my snake cause she be actually a affectionate cold - blood creature .
so my true question come to this , how can I knock the rat out ?
if I throw he against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang he by the tail so the blood can flush into he skull ?
I really do need answer and advice , and not insulting answer !!
like seriously !! >:(
good answer shall receive point :)
I would just stick he in the tank and let you snake have a nice hunt for once , snake jaw detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give she a good hunt , but if you do want he knock he _ just throw he against the wall or something ,, lol I _ know , I agree with you though throw he , haha
ok so if you snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .
just put the rat in a seal tupperware container with no airhole and wait until it pass out and die and then feed it .
if it _ take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator or wall .
I _ like that option though - I think _ pretty cruel and if not do properly _ end up really hurt the rat but not stun he enough to stop possible injury to you snake .
I would do the tupperwear idea tbh - easy and most humane .
you could also just wait until the rat pass out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .
and also maybe try hold the rat in feeding prong so you snake can get a good hold and grip on he prey .
good luck !
just my opinion here - no judgement - get you snake on freeze / thaw will prove to be much easy for you and safe for you snake in the long run .
my opinion - take it for what _ worth . :-)
look to move to Toronto ?
I be a 20 something gay black male and I be look for suggestion on neighborhood close to the downtown Toronto area .
Im move from South Carolina so this will already be a huge culture shock .
any suggestion ?
be gay and live in Toronto be just fine .
you may consider the Gay Village on Church Street , right downtown .
it be full of gay friendly " everything " .
but , you could live whereever _ you fancy take you .
for obvious reason , know how extremely difficult it be to drive a car in the city , you should probably try to be near the subway system .
but , can you immigrate ?
be a American guarantee you no favour when it come to go to Canada .
start you process here , if you _ already .
( marry a Canadian be not enough - that _ count for at least two year . )
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp
a normal processing time , unless you have a advanced degree or a " specify " skill be from 3 - 5 year .
come to stay , and overstay you three month visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - not good .
_ be clear about this ...........
just ' want to come to Canada " be not enough .
you must apply , to become a immigrant , and wait to be approve , by the Canadian government .
you education ( the more the good ) and you past work history , combine with a clean FBI and State Police record , and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcy or large outstanding debt in the USA ) be all take into consideration .
it be a competition , and you will be compete with hundred of thousand of other , from all over the world , for a place in the line up .
if you have not begin the application process' now < you be about 2 to 3 year away from be approve by Immigration Canada .
so _ pack you bag , yet .
whatever you do ............... do not try to come here without _ legal permission .
you will not be able to seek work or take a job , in Canada , without _ have to show you Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card to any potential employer .
be a American and from the " south " you will be notice as soon as you speak out loud .
do it properly , and legally , and you will be ok .
Jim B
Toronto .
how to train my puppy ?
I have a 4 month shih tzu puppy .
recently _ have trouble train he .
he be kind of hate walk with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .
and he be not follow I when I be walk .
I see lot of video about this , but actually it _ help .
be there any way can let he know how to walk with leash ?
and every time he see someone _ he will rush to people and jump on they , _ listen to I .
he be really excited about anybody he see .
how to prevent this ?
last thing be every time I sit on a chair or something high than he , he will try to jump on , if he _ , he will bark all the time until I let he get on , what should I do with this ?
anyone have any suggestion ?
thank you very much .
hi , I be a dog trainer for 25 year .
you need to purchase what be call a shoulder point harness .
this type of harness go around the _ chest and leg and have a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blade .
this way , he _ reach the leash to chew it .
when he swivel he head to go for it anyway , tell he sharp " uh uh " gently correct he with a small tug and continue you walk .
do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash .
patience be the key here .
he be a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in he training .
and always , always train with love and positive method - never hit or harshly scold .
never train out of fear .
you want you dog to admire you as he pack leader , not fear you .
good luck with you puppy !
all the good .
put he in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer . :)
why _ you get some treat that he love and only give he they when he do something right .
or , as I see on embarrassing pet on tv , get a clicker type thing and treat as well .
try to train he to heel , which mean to walk round you before he need to go on a leash , and he may do that .
or you could even spray some scent spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably , if you act quick enough , will stay on the leash .
what sort of hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi / Agra / Varanasi for rs 500 per night ?
hey guy .
_ look to visit India with some mate at the beginning of February next year and I be wonder what standard of accommodation we could get for rs 500 per person per night .
there would be four of we so we would probably be look at 2 twin room for rs 1000 , close to the centre of this city .
this would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of find a place that look good ( not rely on picture from the internet ) and be in a spot we like .
thanks in advance for share you experience !
sorry , almost forget to ask - would it be cheap to walk - in to this hotel rather than pre book ?
in Delhi _ recommend Ajay Guesthouse .
travel to Delhi twice and stay there twice .
room start from 500 per double .
that one be quite small .
must say , in Delhi _ hard to get good price / quality rating .
I have find this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide .
_ in a area start with a p , many tourist hotel there and the location be very nice .
but in general , Delhi be the hard place to find a nice clean hotel for that price .
in Varanasi I _ know .
_ stay in a more expensive hotel there , but you can check some travelguide or tripadvisor ?
also , while travel ask people where _ be and if they have any hotel recommendation .
in Agra _ stay in a place fellow traveller recommend , they find it in the Rough Guide .
it be nice and close to the Taj .
it be quite easy to find something .
( _ stay in Agra too long .
one night be enough ! )
there be many hotel there .
_ pay 500 for a double room there and it be fine and clean .
good luck , enjoy you time !
you may find a normal budget hotel for rs 1000 per night in the city you mention , the link below may help you to find good hotel in Delhi and Agra .
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html
to stay in delhi - Hotel Aster Inn be good to stay in delhi .
it be in karol bagh .
some beautiful location like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar be near to it .
to stay in Agra - Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace be perfect for you .
it be centrally situate .
to stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel be you choice ...
which one out of this make the good pet ?
a degu , a rat , a mouse , a hamster or a guinea pig ?
and why be the one a good pet ?
get a guinea pig .
I have a hamster , and mouse and rat like to escape .
the guinea pig be good because _ a lot large than a hamster , rat , mouse , or degu .
so if you lose he , he be easy to find , because small rodent just love to escape from they cage .
so my opinion be guinea pig .
( plus they _ stink that bad )
depend on what you want in a pet , to be honest .
also depend on the space you have , how much time you can handle the pet , how much money you can spend , etc .
_ have experience with all of that pet except degus .
my favorite would have to be the rat .
_ incredibly social , highly trainable , and very clean .
mine learn to " go to the bathroom " only in they cage and love to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .
the only downside be they should be keep in pair or trio and require a pretty large habitat .
that mean expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .
my second favorite would have to be the guinea pig - not quite as social with people as rat ( at least mine _ ) but more so than most hamster or mouse .
again , pair or trio and pretty big living space .
they , too , need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit .
I could handle my mouse , but they be skittish and prefer they cage .
_ never meet a hamster that _ bite I .
never have / handle a degu .
get a guinea pig .
we have two .
they be social and like to be handle .
you have to have two because they _ do well alone .
make certain you get two female .
two male can fight and you definitely _ want baby !!
guinea pig ( also call cavy ) be gentle creature and be awake during the day and sleep at night .
they will whistle when they hear you as a encouragement for you to give they a treat like leaf lettuce .
they love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomato , celery , cucumber , carrot .
_ feed they broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onion , head lettuce .... they be all too difficult for they to digest .
also they _ eat potato , they be toxic for they .
if you keep the cage clean they _ smell and you can buy spray on cleaner for they , just massage it into they coat and groom they .
foster 6 week old kitten and hate it !
need advice !?
I want to volunteer and help animal , and decide to try foster kitten .
this be my first experience and I have two six week old kitten right now and be at my _ end .
I do not want to have to bring they back before they be eight week old but they be ruin my apartment .
they track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and be constantly try to climb up everything , include my bare leg !
my leg and hand be just full of scratch .
I realize they be young and that cat do climb , but this be just ridiculous .
my apartment also smell repulsive even though I be clean out they litter box at least once a day if not twice .
any suggestion and helpful hint to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciate .
_ kind of the way it go .. lol .
limit they to one room with easy to clean flooring .
if you have limit option , try the bathroom .
make sure there be plenty of litter box that be clean often .
depend on the batch of kitten , I will often have as many as one per kitten .
they can produce a lot of waste and even scoop twice a day they can get messy .
for some reason it take they awhile to learn not to step in poop .
also if they have diarrhea , check in with you foster coordinator .
they may need medication or deworming or something .
they be test out they claw and tooth .
to some degree you can / should help teach they not to use they tooth and claw inappropriately .
but in the meantime , highly recommend jeans and long sleeve anytime _ be interact with the kitten .
then take care of yourself .
get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some thing you enjoy .
try visit the kitten a few time a day for short period of time .
try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy they for what they be .
if you still _ enjoy the kitten , see what other opportunity be available .
they may need foster home for adult cat in different situation .. sick , recover from surgery , need a little socialization , etc .
I find the adult be much easy .
generally _ not claw and bite , they _ make nearly as much mess , they _ need nearly as much litterbox scooping , etc :)
decide volunteering be not you thing and give they back !
and do more research before you agree next time ;-)
take the kitten back to the shelter .
maybe do volunteer work at the humane society , walk dog , groom the animal etc .
what be the requirement to apply for a delay birth certificate in Canada ?
what be the evidentary requirement to apply for a delay birth certificate in Canada ?
include fee and form
it depend on if you ever register the birth .
some place do the registration right at the hospital .... in some small place , you need to register you _ birth at the town hall / _ office .
my first three child be bear in southern Ontario city .
the birth registration be do right in hospital .
my last son , be bear in northern Ontario ....
I _ know that I _ register he in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I have fill out in the hospital and be suppose to go to city hall within 90 day .
two year late when I get around to fill for he birth certificate , I find out he be never register .
I have to call the Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay , have copy of the delayed registration form mail out to I , as they _ have a online area for it yet , fill that out , send they away , then apply for he birth certificate .
if you be just apply for a birth certificate for the first time , _ simple to do it over the computer .
for $ 56 you can even have it expedite and will get in three business day or you money back .
this be in Ontario of course , the rate may be slightly different for other province / territory .
you just need basic information , and answer a few question like what hospital be the child bear at / who be the doctor ....
none , just walk into _ the service office and present all the identification you have to prove you identity .
they may then choose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .
you can probably do it all on - line .
start here if you be bear in Ontario .
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html
if you be bear elsewhere , start here .
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html
good luck
my parent _ send for my birth certificate until I be 16 and need it for summer employment .
it be no problem to get provide the birth be register in the first place .
I add that in because there have be some people who have try to claim citizenship by send for they birth certificate when they be never really bear in Canada or to Canadian parent .
when a child be bear in Canada the birth be register before the baby can leave the hospital .
as long as that be do you can send for it at any time .
each provincial government have a website that list the process for that Province so depend upon where you be bear you can google it .
Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise ?
only if you have be on board * both * !!
I want to know which you like well and why ?
include which one have :
- good food
- more fun activity
- more teens
- and just more STUFF you like overall
please specify which royal or carnival ship (:
Carnival and Royal Caribbean be two popular cruise line that have strong following .
some cruise aficionado refuse to sail on one or the other .
be there any major difference between they ?
explore which cruise may fit you need the well .
for we comparison we sail on two similar ship - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Sea .
itinerary both ship go to caribbean island like Jamaica , Grand Cayman , Cozumel , St. Thomas , the Bahamas and St. Martin / St. Maarten .
the Liberty also visit its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .
the Mariner of the Sea travel to its private island Coco Cay and Labadee ( the north coast of Haiti ) .
we love most of the location that both of the ship visit and _ believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on decide between the cruise line .
show each night there be a variety of show .
usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward .
we feel that the main show on the Mariner of the Sea be good .
on the Liberty we like the comedian and juggling act .
if you love see the show , Royal Caribbean be good for the main show and Carnival be slightly good for the comedian .
dining room we enjoy the atmosphere of both dining room on the Liberty and Mariner of the Sea .
we feel that the menu have a little more variety on the Mariner of the Sea .
friendliness of staff the Liberty and Mariner of the Sea both get high grade .
we do have one waiter that complain some on one of we trip on the Mariner .
we have a slightly good experience on the Liberty , but feel that both crew do a excellent job and that this should not be a distinguishing factor on choose a cruise .
pool the Mariner of the Sea and Liberty both have salt water pool - which most cruise ship have .
they both have pool for kid and adult .
we like the _ pool well because one have a slide .
if you have kid , this would be something that they would definitely enjoy .
spa we try the spa on the Liberty and love it .
we do not try the spa on the Mariner of the Sea .
usually you _ go wrong when get a spa treatment ......
Royal Caribbean be good , but the good cruiseline be Regent Seven Sea .
look on they website rssc.com
Royal Caribbean .
Carnival have be call the WalMart of cruise line ...
what country be the good to travel to ?
I really want to travel when I leave school !
where in the states could I go ?
where in Europe ?
have you ever travel before ?
how long should I go for to each place ?
( I have 1 year before collage ! )
& also how much money would I need ?
so I can start save now hehe
thanks :)
I mean when I graduate & yes , college , sorry for the typo .
leave High School ?
not the smart move to take off on a worldly adventure if _ never travel before and you _ put where you would be travel from .
in the United State ?
lot of place .
there be 50 of they , 48 locate from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between .
there be 2 more locate outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific .
what do you like to do ?
big city like New York , Boston , Philadelphia on the East Coast .
beach and Disney of Florida or the mid Atlantic city of Atlanta , Savannah , Charleston .
the federal site of Washington , DC .
southern charm of Nashville , Birmingham , New Orleans or Charlotte .
West Coast hot spot like Seattle , Portland , San Francisco , Los Angeles or San Diego .
Europe ?
just as numerous as the possibility of the US .
do you speak a foreign language ?
I could spend a year in Spain alone .
from Madrid to Seville to Barcelona and Valencia .
Bilboa on the north coast , Pamplona and the very famous Guernica .
a road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve in Portugal before a mountain escape in the Pyrenees and a stop in Andorra before head over to France and Italy and Austria and Switzerland .
_ travel to all of this place and could certainly tailor a trip to you need base on budget , actual time allow , you likes and dislike .
amount of time could be dependent on so many thing .
do you want to see all the site or simply a few photo and on you way to the next place .
do you budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place ?
you need a lot of money for hotel , airfare , see the site , food , local transport - you name it but life cost .
once you have a budget or a amount in the bank then _ be able to figure out where you can go , for how long you can go and what you can do when _ there .
1 year before collage or college ?
good luck .
I recommend buy a single unlimited Europass and travel anywhere in the EU you heart desire .
you _ beat the price for what you get .
come to Africa .
Nigeria , a lovely country .
but where in Nigeria ?
Obudu cattle ranch .
more than a tourist centre .
how do you make you cat adjust to a new house ?
I and my family be move into a new house just outside a small town .
we be currently live a mile from the town in a house surround by field but the new house be beside a busy road .
we have have the cat for 10 year and _ want to leave it .
how could we make it settle in a new house .
you be not just move house - you cat be lose he territory .
territory be very important to cat , and they be very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predator , or unknown menace - well at least he think so .
you will need to give he only a small place to explore , so he can make it he territory , and feel safe there .
then , he can have a place to retreat to when he feel scared .
you will need to get he box and bowl , and whatever blanket and toy be his , and smell like home , and put he in a room .
the room you sleep in be good ( see you so relaxed that you be sleep will send the message that everything be ok ) , but other will work just as well .
close the door , and keep he in there for a week .
he will feel much safe in that one room , than in a huge unknown house .
he will explore the room , mark everything with he cheek , and try to make it feel like he territory .
he will reassure himself that no other animal be in there , and that no other animal will come in - he be afraid that he be in someone _ territory when he be in a new house .
in a _ time , he will have make it his , and will be get more bored than afraid .
let he out for half a hour , to explore .
then put he back in .
he will be freak out , so go back to he territory will make he much happy .
extend the time he be out each day , but for the first month , always put he in he room at night , so he feel safe to sleep .
soon he will make the whole house his , but he need that one safe place to start from .
remember to visit with he while he be in the room , and tell he how good he be .
remember to give he the time he need to feel that the room be his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .
he might even start pee on thing in fear .
good luck with you new house and with he new territory !
let she explore when we move my cat have to explore the entire house before she feel comfortable .
in time though she / he will adjust . :)
they just do it on they own .
I just adopt a 2 year old male German shepherd with major bad behavior ?
last night , I adopt a 2 year old male German shepherd .
( he be 92 pound ) he do not listen to any command , but my major problem be that he will not go outside on command , or even with I .
I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at I or run away .
my other major problem be that he will not get in he crate .
I will get a treat and try to get he in there that way , it _ work .
he _ even get close to the crate .
if I come towards he , he will run away .
how do I train he to feel comfortable in he crate ?
and to willingly go outside ... and to come on command .
he _ do anything on command .
_ very frustrating .
I have a 9 month old German shepherd that I raise from a puppy .
I train she myself .
she be crate train , potty train , and can sit , lay down , stay , come , fetch , and will even stay in a down position while I throw a treat across the floor or even right next to she paw , and she _ get it until I give she the command .
yes , lot of time and lot of patients ...
I just _ know how to do it with a grow dog .
she toss I around like _ nothing !
... but basically , what I do be the same thing I do with my puppy ... lot of patience , lot of time , lot of praise , lot of treat , and lot of repition .... right ?
be there any trick I could use ?
maybe get a book on training .
you have to be in command at all time .
there be way to get you new dog used to the crate or go out .
I would start with a leash .
put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few time .
then take the leash off and do nothing else but that .
late do it again .
when the dog be ok with this , then open the door and walk around the crate , leave the door open all the time .
put something fun inside .
let you dog go in when he want to for no reason .
do not shut the door .
let he walk in and out for a few day .
at some point he will feel ok with this and you can then close the door but not for long at all .
open the door and let he out and see how he act .
if you push it , it will never work .
with go outside , put the leash on and just take he for a walk .
he will learn to really like this .
potty outside will come at some point .
try obedience class .
have patience with he , you just get he and who know how he be treat before you bring he home .
where can I find the good tour to the Mekong Delta at reasonable price ?
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 day and I be look for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta .
I have be research online _ and find thing be quite pricey but the tour look great .
should I just settle and book online _ ?
or be it good if I wait till I get there ?
if I wait , would the tour I find there for less money be the same quality type tour ?
also , any tour recommendation would be very helpful as well .
thank you !
if you want reliable and inexpensive ... try Sinh Cafe / Tourist .
they be locate right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district .
I have take this tour and it be great .
I do a overnight in a home stay that be sweet and the water market be wonderful .
I _ remember the exact cost but remember think how inexpensive it be .
also , Sinh Cafe have be around for a long time and be very reputable .
and no , I do not work for they . :)
I be just a satisfied customer .
and _ expect to party on this tour .
the south be not like the regular tourist town .
very few club and night activity .
oh , if you be confused .
Sinh Cafe be not a cafe .
it be a tour agency and they have they own bus etc .
tele # 84838389593
have fun .
there _ much to see in the delta , _ a lifestyle not a resort area .
if _ adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to my Tho ( near where we live ) or Can Tho .
from either of that city , you can venture out and spend a day in the country .
most of the tourist that _ come across buy tour along the My Tho waterfront .
you take a boat across the river , then spend a day bike , eat at a local restaurant , buy souvenir and do other thing that be gear towards tourist .
the countryside be very beautiful , especially if you have a few month ( or year ) to get to know the place .
ps , if you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre , stay a night at my friend _ hotel .
_ call Kiwi Heaven and _ across the river from Cho Ben Tre .
_ a little hard to get to by foot , _ rebuild the bridge , but you can get someone to moto - taxi you there for a dollar or less .
_ a ex-pat from New Zealand and _ be in town for awhile .
_ set up a real tour of the area for you , not some tourist fantasy .
have a good trip wherever you end up .
we go with Intrepid as a part of they North to South Vietnam trip , but they do offer this one day separately .
we have a great time and visit a location where they make coconut candy , visit a local restaurant which be attach to a fish farm , ride in modify quad bike and have some tropical food at what appear to be a local hangout .
Intrepid be good at get you away from the most touristy spot and show you something a little different .
yoga and horse ..... ?
I get a riding lesson today on one of my _ fino horse and it make I realize just how unsteady my left leg be .
I mention it to my boss and she say to start do yoga .
but there be just so many pose and program !
any good pose or program ( _ willing to buy a dvd as long as it be under $ 20 ) to help specifically with leg stabilization ?
I just have a few issue support my back and my left leg flop .
because I _ feel like spend over $ 20 on a freakin dvd
I also have back problem that transfer into my leg .
I have do yoga for rider for a while , a 20 minute routine I find on YouTube ( I think _ call " yoga for horse back riding " host by a man ) it help with notice slight difference in my balance and weight distribution but not really for the way I use my leg and back .
here be what I do now and it really help ....
when I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .
then the same thing with the other leg .
then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my leg pull out as far as I can , so they be not touch the saddle .
then a lap do scissors , one leg forward as far as I can and the other back , then switch leg .
_ also trot do , down 2 beat , up one for a wile , then up 2 down 1 make sure the weight be go into the ball of my foot .
if the weight be go into you heel ( it throw you leg forward ) put the stirrup up against the heel of you boot .
do a nice work trot , not a slow trot .
all this will help you use both leg evenly , keep proper contact and use you wight correctly , to keep you leg in a good position .
btw you _ want you leg lock in place , it will move with the horse a bit .
when I first start do it _ do it every day .
now I just do it once or twice a week or as need .
now not only be my leg good , but my back be relax .
what be you have problem with ?
I _ bother with yoga _ practice more with riding and fix my problem , ride bareback , with no iron , _ also a way to ride on you knee ?
that help alot with you thigh muscle ( bareback though )
ya I really _ bother with the yoga
maybe a back brase will help , sometimes my back really get to I and _ think about get one .
with you leg flopping , just try put all you weight in you heel and hang on with only you leg , hold my leg back help I with flopping the more _ forward the more it flop :/ work you calf muscle , maybe try stand on the edge of you step ( on the ball of you foot ) and balance to strengthen that muscle
you _ want to spend more than $ 20 and yet you have a expensive hobby like ride horse ?
I really _ help you .
what to feed my dog after gastroenteritis ?
my dog have be sick for about 3 day now .
he have be have diarheya everywhere and he begin to vomit last night .
I think it would pass until he start to vomit blood and _ drink any water .
I take he to the Animal Hospital and they run blood work and everything come back normal .
no pancreatitis or anything abnormal .
the vet say it be gastroenteritis and give he fluid under he skin , a injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotic .
so my question be ..
be it normal for dog to throw up blood while have gastroenteritis ?
and will this antibiotic help ?
I have trye to give he water but he _ take it .. what should I do ?
I _ want he to get dehydrated and also should I try to give he a little bit of food ?
... some help would be great .
thank you :)
they _ take x - ray they offer they but I just _ afford any more treatment .
I feel like shit for say that but after what they have do already I _ be buy grocery for the next few week .
I will give they a call and see what they say .
thank you for the help .
ok so I speak to the vet and he say to give he white rice and boil chicken but only a little at a time .
since he recieve the fluid last night he say not to worry about drink water for at least a couple of day .
I go home at lunch to check on he and he be do 1000 well he be actually walk around and wag he tail :) thanks everybody for the info _ greatly appreciate .
to answer you question in order :
1 ) it be not normal for dog to be vomit , much less to have blood in it .
however , if they have be vomit numerous time , then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestine .
he could also have Parvovirus , a gi foreign body , or any number of thing .
do you vet take radiograph ( x - ray ) ?
2 ) you vet would not prescribe they if they _ think it would be helpful .
3 ) if he show no interest in water , then take he back to you vet .
it could be due to nausea or any number of thing .
he could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continue to vomit and have diarrhea ) .
from there you end up with electrolyte imbalance , which can lead to heart and kidney problem .
and be dehydrated , vomit , and have diarrhea just _ feel good .
4 ) call you vet .
they should have discuss a bland diet with you , include the frequency of feeding and how much to feed at each sitting .
it sound like you dog may benefit from be hospitalize , and put on iv fluid to help he hydration , administer the antibiotic iv , and to ensure that he start to recover .
you should absolutely call you veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have question about .
they have see you pet , and be most aware of he condition .
no one online will be able to assist you more than you vet can .
you need to ask you vet this question .
boil white rice and boil chicken breast .
bland food .
no spice !
my vet tell I when a dog be vomit a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .
do they do any x - ray ?
I _ know if vomit blood be common with this ailment .
you should call you vet now and ask they what be normal or not .
French dating etiquette ?
I would really love to hear what the French or that who have date the French to say something about this .
_ in my 20' and currently study in France .
come from a Anglo - Saxon country my version of dating be ' get the number , ask she out , etc. . '
however , _ read on the internet that the French dating etiquette be totally different .
for they , dating would normally be meet in group or party , then pair off .
in addition , from my understanding one - on - one date be something that come much late and not ' straight - away ' like we Anglo - Saxon .
they be also very secretive about be in a relationship .
they only ' go out in the open ' once they have reach a certain level of seriousness .
be it true ?
I have tell a French girl I like she , and she accept .
she be friendly when we see each other on campus .
she be also nice when we be both alone .
however , when we be at party or when there be people around she seem to ignore I .
she also seem to hate it whenever I ask she out on a date , to the point she say stop !
my mind think she have no interest in I and just string I along .
but the article I read seem to say the contrary .
have I just fall victim in a cultural trap ?
what you have read in the internet be fairly accurate but of course it do not fit all scenario .
you be not French for a start , so the " rule " or " custom " may not apply to you when it come to enter into a relationship between people from different background .
from what you say the message give by this girl be quite clear .
she be not string you along since she be actually discourage you and be honest enough to tell you to stop ask she out .
she be just be friendly in public because she do not want to offend you and she treat you like any other friend .
you say you like she and she accept it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it do not mean she fancy you or want to pair off with you .
at party she do not want to be consider in any way attach to you , which be consistent .
take the message for what they be : she have no objection in you be pal at uni , but she do not want to take matter further .
" non ! " mean " non " , not " I might consider it , and I will keep you attached to my apron string just in case . "
Christiane give you a good answer .
you have fall in a cultural misunderstanding .
what I have to add be that it be normal in France to have mix gender group of friend , _ nothing unusual in boy and girl be only friend , which be obviously what this girl want from you .
she probably find you company pleasing as a friend but you be not she choice of a boyfriend and she be try to keep it on a friendship level , and try to make you understand that she _ want to go far .
if she be nice when you be alone _ say it be because in public view she be make sure that people do not think that you might be she boyfriend .
you do find the ' get the number hop in bed with she ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as slut .
unfair for the girl as boy _ have that kind of handicap , but _ the way we own rule work .
should have do research before you leave .
why not just take you chance and do it you way ?
true or false : be a young New Zealander mean have no future ?
there be no job in this country .
_ just try to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry .
be there a future for we _ youth ?
@ Ryan B ,
_ two year into a undergraduate degree .
everybody I know at university intend to stay at uni for as long as possible until there be actually job available .
everybody seem to flee this country and move overseas , to Australia , etc .
_ obviously a reason for that ( lack of employment , low income , etc . )
you answer _ do anything but remind I that _ go to be $ 25000 in debt by the time _ 22 .
so , thanks .
@ W.a.b.b.y ,
I really like you answer .
_ very logical .
_ also consider become a teacher , but _ not a job _ cut out for .
I also wish _ apply for a scholarship .
I _ think _ be award one , but I receive the Dux Litterarum award at high school , so my chance be probably good than I think they be .
obviously _ still completely stupid though .
I mean , I _ smart enough to apply for a scholarship .
and yes , I be be melodramatic .
lol .
@ Hatmanone ,
* gasp * so I _ make a good prostitute ?
be you say _ bad in bed ?
how would you know ?
joke .
you answer be very sweet , but _ not compassionate towards teenage high school student .
a little melodramatic _ ?
in my opinion , far too many people be at university study worthless degree .
yes thing like philosophy and fashion design be interesting , but how many job be out there for someone with this qualification ?
_ study to be a teacher , so I know that there will definitely be job out there when _ done .
I may have to live somewhere rural or in Auckland , but at least I can be pretty sure _ be employable .
_ also get a _ degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession .
I also know that you _ get pay that much more in Australia than you do here .
and _ not all about how much you earn , cost of living be much high in many city in Australia .
try live in Sydney on a _ salary , then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago .
you also have to put up with all the annoying accent in Australia .
_ probably not a wise idea to keep study and have a massive student loan .
at the moment _ no interest , but _ probably change .
and _ probably add interest to what _ already rack up .
and _ work towards be able to extradite people who have leave the country to avoid pay it back .
at the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before _ force you cough up .
and all that time _ overseas _ be rack up interest .
I _ like not have the option to return to NZ .
I guess _ extremely fortunate that I receive a scholarship which pay about 800 of my course fee through my degree .
but I work hard and _ still work hard .
there be far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in they lap .
my 2 c. ....
get a education !
_ do fine .
whilst youth job be thin on the ground , _ assume _ good in Oz .
people have be flee this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20 + year , so _ not anything new .
it depend on what you hunger for .
700 f job _ advertise .
that mean make yourself know ; that mean networking .
why do my baby king snake refuse to eat ?
I have a baby eastern king snake .
I have try everything I can to get he to eat but he refuse .
he have a great environment , with water and lot of hiding place and a heat lamp .
as far as I know , everything be as good as it can be where he aquarium be concerned .
accord to the vet , he be healthy and look good .
he have be go to the bathroom like he should .
( I know that snake that have problem go to the bathroom _ eat . )
he have be drink water ( I be pretty sure he have be drink it out of he bowl , but also I have be feed he water and he _ ever give I a problem with that - I just stick he head near the water and he suck it down . )
I handle he every few day .
he be feisty , as most king snake be , but he be a very nice little guy - he never try to bite or anything .
I just love he to death .
I _ know why he _ eat though !
I have try feed he 5 or 6 live pinkie and 4 or 5 frozen ( thaw ) pinkie .
I have never try feed he a pinky that be big around than he be .
I have try put he in a small container and put he in a dark place for a hour or so and he _ touch the pinky .
he crawl on top of they but do not try to eat they .
he _ seem to know that they be food .
I have try " brain " both live and dead pinkie , and bloody they up to get he attention , but he _ care .
I have try dip both live and thaw pinkie in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .
I have buy some long reptile feeding tweezers and have try hold the pinky in front of the _ face .
he _ even try to bite .
I be very discouraged and sad and I _ know what to do .
he _ eat in a entire month .
_ only try to feed he one at a time .
_ just a tiny baby , about the width of a pencil .
do baby this small hibernate ?
when you feed he how many pinkie do you feed he ?
if you feed he too many he could just not be hungry .
if he _ seem interested in they at all I would say _ just not hungry .
my boyfriend have one and when _ hungry she attack the pinkie right away .
they can smell it so _ sure he know what it be and just _ want it .
remember snake can go _ without eat .
in the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state call brumation , which be characterize by a slowed metabolism and reduce activity .
king snake sometimes stop eat , particularly during the cool part of the year .
they have a natural instinct to hibernate .
if the snake be not pregnant or shed , and its enclosure be properly equip , a loss of appetite probably signal a beginning of hibernation .
hibernation be natural , and a necessity for snake that be go to be breed .
another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eat be shedding .
you can tell when you king snake be about to shed , because its eye will get milky look .
its body will be dull look , too .
in a few day the snake will begin to shed its skin .
for example , some snake will routinely go off they food in both the summer and winter , feed mainly in spring and fall .
_ natural and so long as you _ see any serious deterioration in they health be nothing to worry about .
you see , some snake for no obvious reason will simply go off they food .
_ fit and healthy and they care be suitable .
hope this help .
_ why _ good to have a python !
_ twice my size and eat a rabbit once a month .
be my two cat fight or play ?
how rough be too rough ?
help !?
I have a 1 and a half year old male neuter cat and a new 2 month old spay female kitten .
the first night I bring she home I do the sniff under the door thing and leave it at that .
the next day I let she out of the bedroom so they could check each other out , and the kitten hiss twice within the first 20 minute of meet each other and now she no long hiss and they have be play ( chase each other up and down the hall , roll around on the ground and paw at each other ) .
only once it look like my male cat be bite at she neck and then she stomach and she be meow fairly loud and hiss once then he back off and now they be fine .
be they roughhouse play ?
or be they actually fight ?
he have be " bite " at she neck and stomach previously while they play without she meow or anything so _ wonder if he go a little too far that one time .
any answer help !!!!!!
you do not leave the new kitten in the room long enough .
you need to do that for at least a week , or else this type of territorial fighting will happen .
give the new kitten she own small territory will help she to feel safe and will give she a place to go to when scared .
right now , you male be fight off a intruder , and he feel that all of the house be his .
put she back in the room , and keep the door closed for a week .
then let she out for ten minute .
make it fifteen the next day , then twenty , and so on .
this will do two thing ; the new kitten will rub she cheek on the furniture in she room , make it she territory .
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she _ now .
she know she be invade someone _ territory , but _ help it , and have nowhere _ to go .
she will be able to sleep without be afraid .
as well , you male will be able to see that he territory be not threaten .
when the door open , he will get that the one room be hers , and he will be ok with that .
the territory thing will be solve .
you male be hurt she to put she in she place - bite she scruff be dominance and bite the belly be a move cat use when hunt - to pull the gut out of they prey .
this be not good .
give they time to set up they territory , and once you bring the new kitten out , pay a lot of attention to the male .
you have bring someone else into he territory , and he need to be remind that you still love he , and support he claim to he space .
that will help to reassure he , and he will be less aggressive with she .
when they play fight , they _ hiss .
if they hiss , they be not play .
if they bite , and one cry , you must separate they , and you must keep a eye on they .
hissing be ok , unless they start to fight .
if that happen , separate they , and give they time apart .
put the girl in she territory will make she feel less afraid , and she will relax .
good luck !
a hiss be basically a " get the fuck away " sound .
it mean _ go too far .
when they start bleed that mean _ really fight .
if _ go kinda slow and like fake bite ( not bite as hard as they can ) , and fake scratch ( not hit as hard as they can with they paw ) then _ play .
I have two cat , and at first they hiss at each other because cat be very territorial , but now they do fight and play .
the difference be when the cat hiss , that mean they be annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .
that mean they be fight .
when they be just jump at each other and they tail be wag that mean that they be play .
I can see how you get confused though . :)
what be the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive ?
when Johnson deploy troops in 1964 he be advise by the military it would take a half - million troops about ten year to pacify South Vietnam .
he refuse to believe they and order the military to win the war within two to three year ( before the next election in 1968 ) .
he do not give they the number of troops they request .
this leave Westmoreland with few option , so he adapt a search and destroy strategy instead of a clear and defend strategy which be , in the long run , the preferred method of pacify a insurgency .
thing be , it work .
the ARVN be not have a big problem with the local VC ( the guerilla movement ) , they be be challenge by the main force VC ( which be light infantry ) and the North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) .
when the American sweep in with they search and destroy operation the Communist quickly learn they could not stand up to the US firepower , and this regular troops be force to flee the country and take sanctuary across the border in Laos and Cambodia .
all that sunny report about the progress in Vietnam be correct , the Communist be be defeat .
however , Johnson would not let the military cross the border and clean out the Communist basis .
he be warn that they be build up a huge army and would eventually launch a attack , but he ignore he military adviser .
the Communist agree .
they could not defeat the American .
however , what they hope to do during the Tet Offensive be to sneak past the American and attack the ARVN in the urban area where they be deploy do successful clear and defend operation .
the Communist think they could defeat the ARVN , cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the communist cause and leave the American strand in a sea of angry peasant .
that be the plan .
what happen ?
the American detect the attempt to infiltrate the urban area and be already redeploy troops from the rural area .
the ARVN rush back from holiday leave and counterattack .
within 24 hour every Communist assault have be defeat except in the ancient capital of Hue .
the government do not fall .
and the South Vietnamese people ?
when give the ultimate choice , they rally .
to the South Vietnamese government ..
Tet be a huge military and political disaster for the Communist .
they be chase back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit .
the people reject they attempt to topple the government , and for all intent and purpose the US military ( and the ARVN ) hand Johnson the victory he have order they to achieve within the time - frame he order it .
all he have to do for a complete victory be allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist force .
but Johnson be so obtuse he _ understand he have a victory when it be hand to he on a silver platter .
instead he pull the military off , stop the bombing of North Vietnam , withdraw from the presidential race , and spend the rest of he term in office try to surrender to North Vietnam .
they screw up by not accept he surrender when he offer it .
the American people be not have any of it , and elect Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ have make ( not to surrender like the antiwar movement be demand ) .
in the end Nixon keep he promise for " . peace with honor .. "
but _ another question .
to emancipate the south , but it be a serious failure .
to make the war unpalatable to the American public .
in that , they pretty much succeed .
before Tet , the war be unpopular but tolerable to the majority of American in that the loss of American life be see as the cost of subdue the VC and NVA .
Tet make it clear that the war be a long way from be over if the American think they could preserve the South and that the North be perfectly willing to suffer great loss to continue they fight .
there be a very good book on the subject that be write by General Vo Nguyen Giap .
try google to find the title if you would like to read it .
bearded dragon question ... ?
I just buy a baby one yesterday .
I have a basking spot lamp that say it be a double reflector that focus 35 % more light / heat and provide beneficial uva ray important to the psycholical well - being of he .
my question be do that mean it give he not only the heat , but the " sun ray " he need ?
I also be wonder how long should this light be on .
the lady at pet smart say 4 hour , but on place on the net it say 10 to 12 hour .
_ get used to he new home , but _ eatin yet .
I have bearded dragon juvenile food and freeze - dry cricket .
any advice would be greatly appreciate .
thank you for you time .
let I try to break this down as simply as I can : diurnal ( active during the day time ) reptile like the bearded dragon require 3 type of " light , " uva , uvb , and heat .
any white light emit light source will emit uva , include heat bulb , _ the easy one to provide for .
uvb on the other hand can only be reproduce by a fluorescent source .
uvb will always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp , unless you use a mvb ( mercury vapor bulb ) which be the only reptile use bulb that will emit both uvb and heat from one bulb .
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact uvb bulb as they be know to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptile not to mention they have trouble maintain uvb output over time .
the long tube uvb bulb be good , like _ Repsitun model : http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/ remember to replace uvb bulb accord to the _ recommendation after which time the bulb will no long produce uvb even if visible light still be .
so , to answer you question , no , if you just have a bulb that say it produce UVA then you do not have " the _ ray " that you bearded need .
you need to also provide a source of UVB lighting .
the person at Petsmart be very wrong ; in fact it be always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employee tell you ; they _ have the good track record regard give reliable pet care info .
UVB and bask temp ( should be about 110 F for a baby , 95 F for a adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hour a day .
freeze dry food be not a good staple food source ; you need to offer live feeder insect .
bearded dragon be sight hunter , they need to see the food move to trigger a feed response , especially when they be baby .
Live food be also high in nutritional value than freeze dried .
cricket , silk worm , phoenix worm , and various feeder roach , like red - lobster , turkistan , and dubia , be good example of staple insect to offer you bearded .
Wax worm and meal worm should only be offer as treat item , for _ sake .
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable beard guide to make sure you have everything set up correctly :
http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1
mm it depend on the size of he tank or cage or whatever you have he in .. at least as far as _ concerned .
if there be shady area he can move to ( for example a 3 x 5 x 4 tank with light on one side ) then you can leave it on a full 12 - 14 hour , if _ a small tank and he _ escape the light then 4 - 6 at most at a time though quite possibly 4 - 6 hour at a time twice a day .
either way you also need to keep a eye on the temperature if you be use a dry fish tank as ultra-violet light in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become a oven .
as to what the light provide it give ultra-violet ray .. which be important for health in lizard as it be in human .
that lady at PetSmart be a disgrace to the rest of we PetSmart associate ... sheesh .
yes , it give he the " sun ray " necessary , _ what UVA be .
and it should be on 10 - 12 hour , just like the sun would be up for 10 - 12 hour in he natural environment .
as for the heat , just be sure to use a thermometer .
also , Bearded often do not eat food that be not move , so _ _ guess whether or not _ touch the freeze - dry cricket or the process food .
I tell all my customer they can try it , but _ count on it .
also try green leafy veggy , like kale and spinach .
good of luck !
be a finch or a parakeet good ?
I be make a Christmas list for my parent and I be go to ask for a bird and this be the affordable one that I like , and I be wonder : which would not bite alot , and which be more fun to have as pet and I need to know which would be quiet I honestly _ care but my family do !
please help I !
oh and please say why one be good thx !!!!!!
hi there ,
please choose the parakeet ...
_ my reason .....
I do the same thing that you do for Christmas .
I end up get a pair of zebra finch for Christmas .
at first it be all cool and all .
they be chirp and do they everyday _ business .
after a couple of week I get tired of they .
they be quite messy and you _ hold or pet they .
_ try to tame they and they just would not get tame .
they _ want to be hold or touch .
I want a bird that I can hold and do trick .
I still have they and they be do well .
a couple of month after I get parakeet / budgie .
they be adorable they have beautiful color and personality .
I love they .
first of all they be very tame .
I tame they in 4 day .
they can do trick and they _ messy .
the whole family love they .
my parent even play with they .
they be a big part of we family .
I hope this help you with you decision .
they be both about the same noise level .
when choose a parakeet look for a young one .
( the young the easy to tame ) look for clean smooth feather , beak , and clean vent feather ( the feather around the butt .. dirty vent feather mean the bird be not healthy ) look for a dark eye with no circle ( the old one have a circle ring in they eye ) .
look for a lot of stripe in they head that start from the beak and go back to the back of the bird .
the stripe be like hair the less stipe the old .
( think of a bald man lol ) look for clean feather .
if you want a boy the cere ( the nostril piece above the beak ) must be blue .
the girl have either pink or brown .
I would recommend that you get two parakeet .
but get either one male and one female , or two male .
do not get two female .
they sometimes _ get along ( you know how some girl be lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girl tend to fight a lot .
I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy .
they be the good !
if you choose to get a parakeet this be a trick that I use to tame they .
however if you plan on get one , then get more than one at the same time they need company .
my mom tell I how to tame they and I be very happy with the result .
it take I 4 day to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out of my hand .
this be the step I use .
honestly they have work for I twice with my parakeet .
hopefully they will work for you .
1 ) when you get the bird , place he or she or they in the cage .
leave they in there with food and water and such for about 2 hour .
2 ) then place you hand in the cage .
I take the cage and place it next to the couch .
then I sit on the couch , place one hand in the cage , hold a millet spray .
( this way they will associate you hand with food , and bird love food lol ) then I turn on the tv and watch .
this way they will see that you hand be good and _ not go to grab they or hurt they .
do this for about one hour .
( you can take break if you have to ) and repeat the step after about 2 hour .
3 ) after about day 2 , they will start to eat the millet spray from you hand .
( do not take away the food dish from the bird , they will associate you as the person who take away they food ) ....
then take you finger and place it under they belly , in front of they feet and say up .
push you finger to they foot gently and say up .
( the first couple of time they will fly all over the cage but as long as you _ jump back or screem they will get used to you ) they will have no choice but to go on you finger .
when they see that you _ harm they , they will go up on you finger when you say up .
4 ) if they be not go up by now you just _ keep try and keep try .
do not hit , yell , or harm they .
you have patience .
_ give up !
after a couple of week mine know when I say shoulder it mean to go on my sholder , when I say up it mean to jump up on my finger , when I say up and out it mean up on my finger and out of the cage .
and when I say go home it mean to go in the cage .
good luck !
they work for I and I hope they work for you !
they be awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
and _ my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .
a parakeet be friendly
parakeet .
they be normally quiet and it be easy to take care of they .
they be also friendly .
I have a parakeet name Cookie . :p
when be the good time to travel to Ireland ?
my sister and I would like to go to Ireland .
I graduate in the spring , and so _ like to go between then and winter .
we _ want too many tourist , and since _ both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .
we _ want it to be too cold ( not sure when exactly they fall be ... or what the weather be really like there during we autumn month ) , but we _ feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either .
_ both in we early 20 and just want to explore the beautiful country while _ still young and before we life start to get even crazy !
can anyone give I a idea of when the good time for we to go to Ireland would be ?
people do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it be unpredictable .
one thing you can be sure of about Irish weather be how little you can be sure of .
it may be shirtsleeve and sunglass in February , but winter woolly in March and even during the summer .
and then _ the rain .
Ireland receive a lot of rain , with certain area get a soaking as many as 270 day of the year .
County Kerry be the bad affect .
the southeast be the dry , enjoy a more continental climate .
the Irish weather work on the ' four season in a day ' principle , which basically mean that you _ predict a thing when it come to the behaviour of the sky .
some basic assumption , however , can be make .
in summer , from May to July , the day be reasonably warm and - most importantly - very long : at the height of summer you _ need to turn on light until after 10 pm .
it be also peak tourist season , which mean there be far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corner of the island , and price be at they high .
not surprisingly , most of the yearly festival occur during this time so as to take advantage of the crowd and the more favourable weather .
spring ( February to April ) and Autumn ( August to October ) make good alternative , although the _ ever - grow popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the line between mid - and high - season tourism .
still , you have a good chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly good in April and September than in mid-July - again , _ all part of the uncertainty principle .
Spring festivity include the ever - popular St _ Festival .
although temperature do not often venture below freezing , winter ( December to February ) can be brutal , for huge part of the country - the west and northwest in particular .
crowd be at they thin , but many of the _ tourist attraction and service close down in October and _ reopen until Easter , which paradoxically leave visitor with a more convincing taste of how Ireland be experience by most of the Irish : _ cold , grey and dark by 5 pm , but _ always a pub to escape into when the rain start sheet down .
the thing to do be to bring the right clothing with you , clothes so you can layer up if it be cold and take off layer when it warm up .
waterproof clothing and footwear be essential plus a umbrella ..
as that famous Scotsman Billy Connolly say " there be no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes "
afraid I _ be more helpful , it be really a case of pot luck , although as the weather be so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa .
if you mean the Republic of Ireland ( Dublin ) then anytime .
the summer there be much more mild than most of the US ( be you come from the US ? ) .
they season be the same as all the country in the northern hemisphere but I would suggest fall .
it do get pretty cold in Ireland so go before winter be you good bet .
September for example .
rent a car and spend a couple day outside of Dublin see the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime .
to explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car because public transport be expensive & only go as far as the main town / city , most rural place _ have a bus or train service .
you could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliff of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourist .
by definition most tourist will go to the good place so you might have to put up with a few tourist along the way .
good weather the past couple of year have be around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for day on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jacket / boot etc .
we only have a few sunny day this summer , barely 24 C on a few occasion , more like 14 C most day .
we use we bbq on precisely 4 occasion .
Autumn be from mid August onwards as far as the weather go if not officially accord to the calender .
the day start to shorten & it get even wet , windy & cold .
we have frost in October so I _ advise visit late in the year to be honest , spring time be you good bet .
you do realise it be quite expensive to visit Ireland ?
you be go to need a few thousand dollar save up for flight , insurance , food , accommodation & spending money .
eat out in particular be quite expensive compare to America I believe .
golden wonder killifish breeding help ?
I have 4 golden wonder killifish .
1 of they be really colorful and be about 6 cm long .
2 of they be kinda whitish and be about 4 - 5 cm long .
the last one be colourful too but it be about 4 cm long .
I feed they flake , and live earthworm uncut everyday .
can you tell I the whole process of breed they and take care of the baby ?
thanks in advance .
wow !
if they be able to take earthworm uncut , that be really impressive !
I aspire to you feeding regime , flake early and something live late in the day .
worm ( and daphnia ) be also rich in lipid , substance important in form egg and grow young .
I think that you understand that you large and small golden wonder be male .
if you would like more on sex out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .
if you have plant in you tank .
you lineatus be already spawn .
if condition be favorable ( 78 - 82 f ) and the fish be obviously well feed as yours be , they will spawn .
( _ even have a pair of killy leave egg on a float thermometer !
if you wish to pick egg make a acrylic spawning mop .
check out the second source .
I prefer dark color because I can see they egg , more easily and the fish look good next to they .
use a well rinse medicine vial , a cork , new fishing bobber or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float they .
there be a couple way one could spawn lineatus - mop spawn & water incubate they for two week , pick egg from a mop & put they in a tray of treated , seasoned water or set up the parent in a plant tank & move they so the fry can hatch out there .
if you have the room to separate the male ( s ) & female ( s ) , & feed they well on live food , ( assume that you be do weekly 50 % water change ) when you put they together they will leave a lot more egg .
just make up example , but if a pair be constantly together , they may lay 10 - 15 egg a day .
with extra blackworm and maybe freeze ( defrost , rinse ) freeze food early in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 egg at a time .
separate and feed extremely nourishing stuff , they may produce more .
separate a pair some time before a show ( killy be usually show & judge & often sell as pair ) will encourage they to court and show they good color .
they also start the day with no nick or ding in they fin .
the water change help with that too .
you also may need to treat the incubation water .
the chlorine and ammonia ( choramine ) be not good for the egg .
ironically sometimes it be wise to leave the newly pick egg in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critter that ride in with the egg .
then put the egg in water treat a couple of day before with a water treatment and leave open to " breathe " .
leave a jar with a dozen black worm in it will sate the _ desire for snack and they be more likely to leave fry or egg alone .
if a pair _ leave egg ... check the follow :
1 . be a tank mate ( such as another female killie or a cory or large snail ) rate the egg ?
2 . have we keep up with partial water change ?
3 . be there too much mineral in the water ?
aplo. lineatus be wide - spread over southern India .
that indicate that they thrive in different water chemistry .
still if you can get you pet shop to do a hardness or tds ( total dissolve solid ) test , that may give you a hint .
wing it a little here , a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 ppm ( part per million ) or 5.8 to 10.6 dh should be fine for gardnerus .
tds meter ( the thrifty _ hardness meter can be use if one have see one of you municipal water _ annual report .
they include a number of mineral there and you can figure out what percentage of that would be you hardness mineral ( calcium , magnesium and iron ) .
a number of mineral be not of much consequence .
however if there be a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critter to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )
ironically sometimes it be wise to newly pick egg in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critter that ride in with the egg .
then put the egg in water treat a couple of day before with a water treatment and leave open to " breathe " .
if you get egg in the mail in a medicine vial , that be fine .
but get the egg out , maybe rinse in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water .
in time the egg can suffocate in the shipping container .
after a number of people begin complain about " mystery death " among incubate egg , some of the more advanced killie people begin suggest that after 7 - 8 day of incubation , one should do a 100 % water change - as the egg develop , they do release waste material .
another problem be that sometimes bad egg will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the egg .
some people put in a very dilute Acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus , so one can take white egg out with a pipette or eyedropper .
other will add a drop of Methylene blue .
if a egg turn blue , it have die and then become dyed as the outer membrane break down .
get that out asap too .
hope there be useful grist for the mill here .
Disney cruise line with young one ?
I will be take my 3 and 4 year old .
what be the good time of year ?
should I get a balcony ?
any tip or advice to make this a great experience ??
thanks !!!
it be vacation time .
many family be set to plan a good holidaying .
they look for fun fill , rejuvenating and memorable vacation .
there can be many idea ; one can see numerous option pass through they mind .
what be the good option ?
especially if you be plan to spend couple day with family and kid , which good suit you can select ?
Disney cruise , be a simple answer to this .
there be many reason to say Disney cruise be the good bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour .
from 1998 onwards , from its inception Disney cruise have attract many and continue to attract more and more .
this be a spectacular ship , a very popular choice of family to spend they leisure time .
the ship be design thematically , with imposing animated cartoon character .
do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoon will impress only young one ?
no , the luxurious facility and fun fill activity in the Disney cruise be very attractive to people of all age .
whatever be the age , you will have the choice of variety of activity to forget about you hectic day - to - day activity .
kid fun game and video show be add to the other facility .
there be two ship , Disney magic and Disney wonder .
both be make keep in mind the comfort of the traveler .
Disney cruise offer 24 - hour room service , and the crew be ready to serve you the way you like .
it have get very spacious room , furnish completely and neatly .
this be decorate uniquely and marvelously .
the ship offer variety of eatables , deliciously make .
sea fish , prawn and many nice option be there in different restaurant aboard .
there be many good option of delicious food on the shore as well .
there be special region uniquely and imposingly design for the child .
they can spend many hour enjoy the Disney world magic .
this theme park have all type of facility .
video show , cartoon story , wonderful game and many such facility .
it be really a entertainment for the kid .
the amusing world of cartoon and story will be a memorable experience for the child .
there be other amnesty also .
this include space for dance and music , bar facility , gambling facility for the elder , spaciously make open area aboard and many such nice facility .
also one can keep they privacy in the cabin and make the time in seclusion .
to relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise be the good option .
there be many online site offer the booking facility with affordable rate .
you can select the proper route and travel plan by consult the agent prior to the booking ........
off season be good , however , the Disney cruise be almost always completely book .
I would suggest a warm season , but not spring break or early summer .
you may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holiday .
we really enjoy we balcony -- coffee in the morning , drink at night , stand outside when dock and leave port -- however , it be quite a bit more expensive .
with young one , I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside .
check out the _ space as soon as you get onboard .
do not feel guilty about take they there .
they have a blast so the soon they get there , the soon they can have fun .
we like get the late dinner seating , so you have more time to see movie and stuff but if you kid be ' early to bed ' you may want the early seating for dinner .
bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for you door .
all of the door tend to look alike and have ' something ' on you door help you and you kid find you room easy .
you can also leave note for the rest of you family ( husband ) about where you be at any give point .
cell phone do not work on board but they give you a ' walkie - talkie ' kind of phone in you room that will work onboard .
each evening you will get a ' magazine ' call the Navigator which list all of the activity for the next day .
we always take ours to dinner and discuss what thing we feel we ' have ' to do and which one we feel like skip in lieu of just chill .
any time would be great .
off season cruise might actually be good with preschooler as price might be low in the off season .
my wife and I , in we 60' at the time , originally plan a 3 generation trip but some family emergency cause everyone else to cancel .
we have a ball .
we have a inside cabin and it be what I would recommend .
there be so many thing to do that you will only use you room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony be waste .
the child can be check in and check out in a safe way at many activity so you can have a bit of free time without the little one .
the range of activity can be illustrate by describe the water activity .
there be a splash fountain ( no stand water ) for little one still in diaper ; next be a wading pool for that who be potty train ; then a family pool ; finally there be a pool for adult only with kid not allow .
you will never be so spoiled in you life as you be on a Disney cruise .
if you stay with you dining schedule , every night be dinner and a show .
the real payoff be that you will have the same waiter for the entire cruise .
we waiter quickly grasp the fact that I like ginger ale and rather spicy food while my _ taste run to lemonade and less spicy fare .
since they know we preference , we almost always go along with they menu suggestion and be never sorry we do .
obviously they have a full beverage list include alcohol for adult who want it .
if you should miss a meal , you also miss a great show .
but food be always available and it be consistently good .
I think I gain three pound in my week long cruise .
this be about my farrier , girl .
_ why _ post here !
help ?
I post this in singles and dating too , so _ just copy and paste .
well , _ try to make this short .
I have know this guy for a long time , but _ never be good friend or anything .
he be my farrier ( shoe my _ foot ) so I be technically a client if you want to view it that way .
well , almost two week ago he come out and do my _ foot and be so flirty .
he always hug I when he come , but he give I at least 5 tight , long , back rub hug while he be there .
we be also just talk about my _ crappy foot and he mention .
" well , if you ever just want to see I _ come out and look he over and then we can grab a coffee after . "
that have never happen before so I be kinda realize at that point that he be a little interested .
right ??
anyway , so he end up leave one nail out of my _ foot ( _ never hear of a farrier do this ) and tell I to call he in a few day ( first it be a week , then it be a few day lol ) and _ come back out and put it in .
he tell I to remember to call like 3 time before he leave .
so , I wait a week to call because I be busy and I want to have he come out on a day when I be more available in case we be to hang out after ;)
anyway , so that be 2 day ago that I call and leave a message , but he still _ call back yet .
I _ know if I should call he again tomorrow or not ?
I know a lot of people say to wait until he call you , but _ different because _ a client and technically _ all I be at this point .
on the other hand though , if _ a client he should really have call back by now because you _ leave a customer hang .
he _ have my number either because this be the first time _ call he instead of he dad .
_ a father and son business .
anyway , I would appreciate any insight on this at all .
thank you for reading if you do ! :)
ok , well as far as he be a bad farrier for leave a nail out - that be not the case , they be extremely well know farrier in the area .
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fall off because it be miss one lousy nail .
the reason he say he _ put that nail in be because he " _ want to risk it " with my _ horrible foot .
this be about the fourth time _ do my _ foot because I just switch back to they .
the only reason I switch away from they in the first place be because my good friend who apprentice with they be start out on he own .
however , he leave my horse without a shoe for two week ( now _ what I call a crap farrier ) .
which , I might add be the same foot that keep crumble with the nail .
so , obviously I switch back to this guy .
ok , calm down , _ not like _ some stranger that come up and grope I lol .
_ know the guy for about 10 year .
I be 21 , so yeah we be both kid when we know each other !
he be a few year old than I .
and yes , I do like he .
to answer Barry White , yes that do occur to I :) I hope that be all _ wait for .
on the other hand , he could very easily just call I and say hey _ busy right now , _ call you when I can come out .
and as far as schedule visit go , I have no idea .
_ never do that before though either .
_ always just " okay , they foot need to be do , well call the farrier . "
and they usually come out within a few day .
he will call you back _ sure !
sound like he really like you ..
but you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way ?
would you like go for * coffee * with he ?
or be he not you type ?
or be you undecided ?
if I be you I would go ...
I would say if he do not call you back by Friday call he again he could be play hard to get ?
I think he leave the nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be you Prince charming ..
edit ... I really _ think you horse be in danger of be hurt with one nail miss ..
I have see horse lose nail on they own and do just fine with one nail go now if he have leave out 2 or 3 I would be wonder too ...
I really do belive he leave the nail out because of the _ hoof condition and _ a add bonus he would get to see she again
when I be young in my early 20 my farrier be a hottie name Joby .. ( for that who _ know I be a girl read my bio on my page ) dumb as a post about everything but horse ..
he be in he 30 divorced and have 2 kid .. but we both flirt horribly with each other .. but neither one of we take the chance and ask to other on a date . :(
_ wonder what it would have be like ?
but that be year ago .
he have this habit of tell you everything ..
well one day he say to I you know I _ wear underwear as he be bend over work on my _ right front hoof .. and I be like um okay ???
_ glad he butt be face I so he _ see my red face I think my mare be even laugh ..
well 6 week late when he come back out he be again work on my _ front Foot and I look down and yeah he have hole in he pants in the wrong place I bust out laugh and he be like what ???
I be like um I can see you ass cheek ... he be like oops do I forget my underwear ???
that be a strange way to flirt .. but I guss it be he way ...
but like I say nothing ever come of it .. the next time I see he he have tell I he have to get marry to a girl who he work with because he knock she up ..
I be heartbroken .. but then realize he be not the guy for I ..
wow he do sound interested in you , my farrier never give I hug like that ( probably a good thing as he have a wife and 2 kid ) anyway , I find that they can be very busy so I would wait a week long and if still no reply give he a call but _ leave a message so you _ have to necessarily wait for he to call .
from the point of view of a business , and client / operator relationship , _ do a really shitty job .
leave nail out so _ call and have he come back out late ?
cute or not , _ call a different bloke because _ do a sub-par job at something he need to be do he good at , whether _ flirt or try to ask you out or not , he ought to put quality first .
this be , after all , he business , and if he want you to remain a customer why on earth be he do shoddy work ?
epm , anyone deal with it ?
might be something different ?
I have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free .
_ not lame , but _ be have issue .
_ what the owner have say :
I have a 5 year old that lose all of he cheek muscle on the right side about 3 - 4 month ago .
I chalk it up to possible nerve damage , because this be what the vet think and the other cheek muscle be fine and he have no theeth problem .
so I send he to the trainer the first of September to be start on the barrel .
I get he back the first of the month and he have lose some weight but attribute that to be work everyday ( I expect he to drop some ) .
he be now lose the cheek muscle on the left side of he face and seem to be drop weight by the day .
have he to a dentist yesterday and there be no tooth problem .
he can eat all he feed and _ drop any , but _ eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it .
he be gant look in he flank area and be lose topline muscle .
the only neurological sign that he show be that he barely drag he toe and sometimes have trouble with he right lead .
the horse I have post about a couple week ago with the atrophy cheek muscle be down to he last resort for life .
I _ afford to treat whatever be wrong with he .
no , I have not do a epm test but have do a extensive blood panel and my vet do a neurological physical exam .
we elect to not do the epm test because there be no neurological sign .
he be still show no sign other than the weight loss , and some muscle atrophy .
he eat all of he grain but it just take he a while to get it chew because of the lack of muscle in he jaw .
so I might get the horse and see what I can do .
I will be get with my vet first and if I do get he , have the spinal fluid test do for epm and a titer test .
will be get a copy of the blood result the owner have already run as well .
my other theory would be wobbler .
_ be have my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get he ....
so any idea ?
think I should do it ?
Arby ,
horse be out of state and not local .
owner be willing to meet I halfway _ with he .
I will be call my vet and chiro about he .
bad come to bad , _ out of the $$ and have to put he down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament .
_ still rideable currently and not have many issue under saddle .
this be a horse that I otherwise _ be able to afford and even if I spend 2 k on treatment I come out ahead of he purchase price .
I post what the owner have say in paragraph 2 & 3 , that be not I to clarify .
she be the one that _ afford to do anything else for he in case he _ recover fully .
he can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he _ eat regular hay .
I _ think it will be hard to keep he weight up so long as he can eat the grain .
I be not go to go pick up a horse I _ afford .
I be willing to pull the epm test and treat .
the owner be the one who be unable .
I will also be have my other vet up _ a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate he for wobbler .
July be when he start to exhibit slight symptom and the owner and vet originally think it be just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .
_ only exhibit weight loss and some muscle atrophy , with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead ( which could or _ be relate ) .
the horse be not in pain .
_ not starve .
_ drop we
the horse be not in pain .
_ not starve .
_ drop weight , but most of that come from be at the _ and be ride hard for 60 day .
_ not put it back on .
I know that I have the possibility of treat he and still have to put he down .
at the same time I do know people who have have horse come back successfully after epm .
I know this be go to be expensive .
_ willing to give it a shot .
Gallop , _ already read that whole site and be read through research article from the research college as well .
look at study , treatment option and such .
I will have the epm test do before treat .
the chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobbler which be often cause by spinal compression and can be confuse with epm .
if that be the case then acupuncture _ go to hurt he .
_ actually one of the alternative therapy for epm
I think it be wonderfully responsible that you be go into this rescue eye open and be get the opinion of qualified professional ( and a bunch of yahoo ) before you decide to take this horse on .
I do think some Y!A user need to work on they reading comprehension as I _ comprehend how take a horse in as a rescue and get it qualified medical treatment be abuse .
bad case scenario you fall in love and after spend thousand of dollar you have to put the horse down .
be that something you be up for ?
if so go for it and _ give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what be up .
it be heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horse be worth the risk .
if you feel this guy be worth it then I hope you vet can figure thing out .
as to epm like Shee say be in MI _ have to deal with it .
pretty much every large stable have here .
we first diagnose epm horse be back when there be no treatment in the US and only a experimental chicken feed additive in Canada .
we haul the horse to Windsor and get he treat there .
that horse return to racing and we _ notice much difference .
_ have a few since then , but none since we race horse begin winter in Florida .
I have no idea if that be related or farmer be do a good job of clear out opossum now because they know opossum be carrier , but we _ have a epm horse in at least 10 year .
I can say all of we epm horse be treat early when they be show mild sign like Shee give and all return to racing .
one horse even get he lifetime mark after be treat for epm .
_ always like big long trotter that do well on mile track than 1 / 2 mile .
the only difference we notice be that the epm horse seem to do badly on the small track after .
it might just be coincidence or the fact that great big trotter with that extremely long back lose a bit of fine coordination to get that gangly body around that tight turn .
I _ know .
MSU do a lot of epm study because of how common it be here .
you may want to see if you can get in touch with they epm group and get this guy in a study .
I know they do lab work show that Strongid C use daily could help prevent epm .
I believe they have a real study test the lab work in real world situation now , but it may be some time before that result be release .
another thought with this be a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile ?
West Nile can cause epm like symptom and _ always include a fever .
let we know what you decide to do .
you hate to see talent get waste , but honestly I _ think I could take in a horse right now this issue .
personally I think you should just keep on walk by .
you should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not .
if you have a good rapport ( which _ sure you do ) with they , they should be honest on if this horse be fixable to any degree ... not really sure what you want to do with he ...
even if you can figure out what be wrong with this poor pony , there be always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .
so all in all , put the money up front before take on this horse .
a few hundred out of pocket now will possibly save you thousand once the horse be in you name .
could he have have a blow to the head cause this atrophy ?
or a difficult birth ?
be it always like this ?
or have it occur since birth .
I also wonder if he might have have a slight stroke ?
I think if you _ afford to get he treat that you should not consider he as a prospect .
who know what the future might hold , and it might be expensive ?
extremely bad customer service
do not go to this salon , especially if you have to get you hair straighten .
they do a very bad job with my hair and be extremely rude when I go back to ask they why it _ work for my hair .
rude , insensitive , discourteous people !!!!!
great doc
Dr Greenwalt fix my neck from a snowboard injury and be way more effective than a regular doctor .
he _ prescribe pain med or other drug , he use he bodytalk method which be unusual but the result be undeniable .
my neck be fixed !.
he know what _ do .
we wedding 11/7/08
we just have we wedding on 11/7/08 and be very impressed .
Cj and company do all that we ask and 10 time more .
the food be outstanding _ .
if you need a cater that be affordable and easy to work with they be the one .
thanks again _ .
Mark
excellent tattoo shop
I recently get a tattoo do at Aztec and I could not be happy .
it come out good than I even imagine .
the shop be great , the service be excellent and the employee be fun guy .
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone look to get a quality tattoo do .
good and bad
I have to take care of the ant myself .
but I find the location wonderful and the neighbor very kind .
never have a problem with the staff and find they very helpful when something go wrong .
love the pool and bbq .
because of the ant I drop they to a 3 star .
great pet care
I have use Just Like Family several time now and they have provide great care for my two dog .
Lynda be professional and have great compassion for animal .
the real testament be not in how much she like you animal but how much they like she .
I highly recommend she .
I find Bright Star Tour and Travel and Good and Affordable Tour Operator and Tour Agent in Chennai , India offer I Student Tour India Package for very less price .
I enjoy my tour and I be look for adventure tour and India heritage tour for valuable .
thanks for Bright Star Tour .
this guy be fantastic !
they fix my garage door in literally less than a hour .
the guy come on time and _ take any break , he go straight to work and finish the job efficiently and promptly !
I _ be more happy with the way my garage look .
great job guy !
a +
I would rate Fran pc a a + because the price be low than everyone else , I get my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he show be great .
he take the time to explain thing to I about my computer , I would recommend you go to he .
David
this office be awesome !
everyone here be super friendly and efficient !
_ great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the good price all in one !
_ refer everyone I know here and they all feel the same way !!
_ be come back for year to come !
criminal attorney Dallas
Dallas criminal attorney Peter Barrett be absolutely committed to vigorously support you right and achieve a successful outcome .
as a qualified criminal defense attorney , he will work every possible legal " angle " ( leave no stone unturned ) of you case to achieve the most favorable result possible .
food be cold
I have be here 3 to 4 time and every time food they serve seem warm up not cook after you order it .
I like my food hot both way not warm or cold .
price and taste be good .
I will be happy if they can serve when food be pipe hot .
KB
fast and reasonable $
we go to _ on Saturday and have we whole _ uniform do !
he be less than half of the price of the cheap quote we get , and he work be top notch .
down to earth and fast service .
go back to have some lab coat do this weekend !
we love Little Farmer
we attend LFTD and we child love it !!
they even want to go to school on the weekend !!
they be prepare my old son for kindergarten and look forward to see he teacher and friend every day .
my infant be content every day when I drop off and pick up .
PAT testing quick & efficient
I ring SRD PAT testing and within 3 hour Scot have come to my premise and pat test all my we spill the Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supply a certificate for only 70 p per unit .
fantastic , quick and efficient service .
how rare !
well do .
my favorite florist !
I come to La Crosse to go to college , and my mom would send I birthday flower through here .
they be beautiful and last forever !
now that I live here , this be my favorite place to grab flower for friend and coworker !
hand down , good place in the area !
I <3 _
excellent bagel and excellent service !
I go in about every morning to get bagel for myself or my co-worker and the employee at _ be great !!
they be friendly and fast .
I have never have a problem with they hour because I always go during the morning .
they be great !
prepare the road test with a driving ... prepare the road test with a driving school in edmonton , but my instructor only train I in a narrow street , hence I take one 90 minute lesson from the Noble driving school to learn the skill of change lane , and find they very friendly and professional .
great doctor !
Dr. Faris be a great doctor !
I would recommend he to anyone .
I be experience severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bear to sit .
I go from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I be able to run in the Crim just a week late !!
happy customer
Mr. Squeege be the good .
prompt , clean window .
affordable pricing .
friendly response .
how else can excellent be describe for a business of this sort ?
they have be my only " go - to " resource since we first do business together .
you will find the same to be true for you .
fantastic place to buy you next vehicle
we have never have a bad experience buy from Edmark .
this be car number 3 _ purchase through they .
we trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of we and listen to we need !
thank you again for great customer service !
Range Rover Sport window tint
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tint Ltd , do a very professional job very quick , no fuss , deliver the car to I and I drive he back home , great arrangement great price !!
highly recommend !!
thanks Mark .
Steve .... proud Range Rover Sport owner ( with rear tint )
in this hard economic time be very important to save money very reasonable price top quality work the owner operator he do all the the work with helper very friendly I definitely recommend this this guy _ get jack by big company that they pay a lot of money to be on top of the list thanks
great pub
have a meal in this pub and I have to say it be excellent .
it have to be one of the nice pub that I have be into in a long time , the decor be nice and it have a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .
good beer good service and what more could you want .
awful awful awful
this store be by far the bad Verizon store _ be in .
the salespeople be never available , the line be always too long , and all the people want be a sale .
incredibly rude and I will not return to it .
be there no other Verizon to go to around Downtown / Dupont Circle 1?!?!?
great graphic design work !
Fresh Design Studio help jump - start my own business by provide affordable and effective marketing material : logo , flyer , poster ad design , and more .
they have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time .
I enjoy work with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend to anyone .
great surgeon
I need wisdom teeth take out .
Dr. Wallen and staff be excellent .
they be accommodating with my schedule and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .
Dr. Wallen explain the procedure in detail and take he time with I .
staff explain insurance procedure and be very helpful .
everyone be very nice .
the good in the area !
_ be to quite a few tattoo shop around this area and Stainless Steel be by far the good .
I be very pleased with the tattoo that I revive from they .
the artwork be excellent and the price be very reasonable .
I would recommend this shop to anyone look to get a tattoo .
Cathy ****** five star for Lake Forest Tot .
the program have be a positive experience for my child .
I have have all three of my child attend Lake Forest Tot .
the program be well establish and we have be extremely satisfied with the teacher , the program and the director .
good job , Lake Forest Tot !
great wine & service
this place be so great !
they have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different price .
the employee make you feel very comfortable and be very helpful , whether you be very knowledgeable or _ know anything at all about wine .
check out they wine tasting every Friday night !
a +
excellent customer service and honest feedback .
the team at Bradley Chevron keep my car run for well past its expect death !
they be honest about ' immediate ' concern versus ' recommend ' repair and have very fair price .
such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and beverage right around corner .
need to go out of business
they close whenever they feel like it , often well before they list closing time .
they store be dusty , dirty and feel like _ step into the 1970 .
they _ take coupon .
they have a credit card minimum .
this place be the opposite of QuikTrip : crappy in every way .
where else can you go for $ 10 and receive this treatment ?!
awesome haircut at awesome price right here in Palatine !
who can pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave !
_ have 2 cut now from Georgia and have pay more in other salon / barbershop and have not receive this kind of treatment or cut !
baffle by the one - star review
I _ get it .
this place be awesome , with a great ambiance and cool décor , and the food be scrumptious ( and especially they signature banana split ) .
sure , some item be a little pricey , but _ ... have you ever be out to eat in Seattle before ?
_ only have good experience at Adorn , I be greet and offer a refreshment .
I highly recommend Debi , she do a amazing job , I " love " the way she cut my hair , extremely thorough and cross check she work to make sure my hair be perfect .
I always leave love my hair style .
good Chinese food in the area
the food here be fresh and hot out of the wok .
the food be cook fast by the two chef on duty .
the lunch special be more food than most people can eat for about $ 6 .
it be busy every day at lunch for a reason , the service be fast and the food be great .
pure pilates !!
it be the real thing - I have be practice Pilates for over 7 year and would not go anywhere else .
it be the attention to detail and the quality of the work teach at TomiPilates that set this studio apart from the other .
the teacher be highly train and be expert at handle all type of client .
I phone this company for advice on we office refurb and although we do not use they in the end ( as we building contractor carry out the electrical work ) , they provide I with plenty of useful information over a hour phone call and subsequently we be now use PJC as we electrical maintenance contractor .
thoroughly recommend
they really go above and beyond !
for example , I actually forget to feed my cat , and they go out of they way to take care of he .
additionally , when there be confusion ( my fault ) , they leave I flower along with a personalize gift .
they have be 100 % reliable and professional .
definitely recommend !
heating system angel
seriously , can you imagine have to live through this last few night without heat ?
I would have have to because with the economy the way it be I _ have much money for repair round the house ....
Comfort zone come out and do my house heat on the cheap .
and it work !
thank you Comfort Zone
slow , unfriendly staff on weekend
there be three Starbucks location that I frequent .
I have a bit of experience watch the usual assembly line .
I also understand that weekend staff be different than daytime staff and not necessarily Starbucks a - team or even full - time .
but this location have the bad weekend staff _ see ever .
skip the rest - this be the good
absolutely great !
clean , update room , friendly staff , safe location .
staff be super friendly , treat you as a friend .
_ ask for a good experience .
will be stay here any and every time I come anywhere near .
overall , Joe be a happy camper who have find a great spot .
photo do well
I love Hellada Gallery !
Marek Dzida the owner and photographer put whole heart in he business - if you be into old fashioned ( not digital ) quality photography this be good place in Long Beach as I think not many folk can do affordable traditional photo anymore I know Marek personally and I will always recommend he
bad coffee , _ bother !
_ you make a decent cup of coffee ?
you charge so much , yet you use the same grounds over and over again .
the coffee taste burnt and very bitter .
no amount of sugar and milk can mask it .
change the process , people !
Westfield and Rt 1 do it well , why _ you ????
home make product
I sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a Sunday afternoon .
I love the people , the product and the service !
nothing compare to a home make product that really stand the test of time . -
the Brick , Ikea , and _ have they place .
but furniture like this will truly be around forever .
the internet here be terrible .
like the previous poster say , the com line be split between the entire building .
_ 3 x bad than Qwest _ low speed offering !
the outward appearance make you think this place be nice , but everything inside be cheap cheap cheap .
move out as soon as we lease be up .
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png
awesome !!!!
yes my g 1 screen be back work .
they be about to charge I $ 129 ...
but I pay $ 100 .
they save I from have to deal with Tmobile ...
Tmobile want to send off my phone and I _ want to go through that ...
3 day forget _ that ...
great service .
I would recommend they to anyone ..
great out night !
you _ go wrong with Tuesday price , even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedian !
extensive drink list and daily special but wish they have a bit more on they food menu , although popcorn be a nice touch !
( other item : chicken finger , wing , Asian pizza , and yam and regular fry )
they food and sweet be awesome .
but service be very poor .
attitude of staff very bad .
never give a receipt .
sometimes even give wrong dish .
so confused at the payment area .
line up be so stupid .
even if you line up .
to make a order you may have to go to back of line .
and then wait again .
not organised .
Hair by Nivine in eastgardens fix my hair after I have my hair cut and color at another salon I feel more confident and the girl be fantastic and _ be go there now for 2 year always happy and they care about my hair have my hair do for my wedding it look fabulous !
and they price be really good !
good food in northeast
_ a reason why Frank mcclelland be name good chef of the north east region .
food here be absolutely superb .
everything be delicious and cook perfectly .
the waiting staff be beyond impeccable ( they refold you napkin when you go to the bathroom ) .
if you want great food then L'espalier be the place to go .
I _ end up buy my car here , but I do think the guy who work with I be pretty cool - he be willing to budge a little on the price which mean a lot to I .
also they will fill you tire with air and other small maintenance task for free , even if you _ buy you car there !
the good deal in town
before you buy anything in NY , make sure you stop by _ first .
they selection be random , so what they have on a give week might never be available again at the store .
I love it for discount beauty item and household appliance .
trust I , you go there once and _ always go back !
first time ballerina
my daughter be start ballet this year for the first time .
_ a soccer mom so I _ sure what I be look for when it come to dancewear .
the staff be very helpful and give I exactly what I need for my first time ballerina .
the service at Instep be great !!
I would recommend they to anyone !
outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price !
this place be top notch and highly affordable !
I would recommend it hand down and be a loyal customer .
_ also send over a number of friend to use the service here and everyone be extraordinarily pleased !
thanks for do such great work on my important piece of clothing that always look great !
try Crust on Broad on 3 occasion .
twice for dinner and once for lunch absolutely rude service every time !
the staff will not even answer the phone for take out .
tonight , I call several time with no answer ( between 5:30 and 6 pm ) and finally drive there to place my order in person .
there be not a customer to be find .
we purchase a new home but be unable to sell we old house so we contact this property management company and they have help we quickly rent out we house and keep it maintain .
since then we have decide to have they manage we other investment property as well as we get old and can no long perform all the inquiry .
great help !
we just get we sunroom build by Patio World and can say that _ extremely happy with the whole thing .
from the amount of time spend with we to explain thing during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .
I have nothing bad to say .
very glad that we go with they .
no customer service
employee seem to be have a good time chat and laugh with each other , while myself and other customer be completely ignore .
another person in the store stand there with a item and repeatedly try to get a sale _ attention .
it _ until he give up and walk out the door that someone ask can I help you .
do not bring you car here
I get a coupon from Pennysaver for this station .
yes , they accept it .
however , during the test , they do whatever they can to get my test fail .
then , they sell I overpriced stuff , such as oil tank cap , so that my car can pass it right away .
I end up pay much more .
be you kid I ?
I _ get it .
spongy and sweet bread ( microwave ? ) , heartless salsa , tiny dog ...
you order at the counter and there be a space for tip on you credit card receipt .
the dude who grill the retarded dogs be rude .
if this be the good that Tucson have to offer , I be _ here ...
I call on a Friday at 12:30 complain of a severe toothache .
Dr. Obina tell I that he office close at noon and that I should call he on Monday .
I have be a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 year and have spend thousand of dollar on crown etc .
there be plenty of good dentist in Fernandina .
_ go to Amelia Gentle Dentistry .
good location
for a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet .
what you get be a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( read : no downloading ) .
other than that the hotel be in a good location and the breakfast be great
make you feel like a number
stay away from Kid first West Chester .
you never get a human on the phone .
_ impossible to get a appointment .
if you get catch in traffic and be a couple minute late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 week late .
and bad of all you child feel like a number not a patient .
go somewhere else .
recommend by bee , too !
highly recommend .
Joe remove a wasp nest for we condominium building and we appreciate the environmentally friendly method and prompt , friendly and informative service .
no spraying of pesticide !
very professional .
reasonable rate .
we highly recommend Joe and he wasp removal service to individual home owner and condo .
he know he bee !
Suzanne , Vancouver
very accommodating
we be in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .
we arrive early and the staff be very accommodating to we family and the situation we be in .
the room be very clean , include the microwave and refrigerator .
this be a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!
great service and people !!
Deb Watson be the contact person and she and the rest of the staff be great !!!
she continue to help I when need even if I have a service question .
since _ usually at work late Deb have stay around to help I out when need .
this be after I bring the car !!!! !
service do not get any good !!!!
hidden gem in Alpharetta
this French bear , French train chef and he creative partner offer a taste fresh , locally source , fabulously prepare food in the most unlikely of location .
try they weekend " tasting " which you can learn about by get on they weekly email list .
_ the good meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .
Le petit be the good place to get you nail do !
it be very clean , staff be friendly , and I have never wait !
I go every other week for the shellac / gel manicure which be only $ 25 and it truly last 2 week !
I love it .
pedicure be also great .
try this place out !
I promise you will not be disappoint !
amazing picture at a amazing price
Rendy be totally amazing .
she give I amazing picture at a amazing price and make my wedding day so memorable .
she be way easy to work with and make my wedding day so easy and she get some amazing picture , not only of I , but of my family and friend .
she be amazing .
I would recommend she to anyone !
so very delicious !
excellent !
November 7 , 2010 first time eat at Caffe Bella Italia and it be a wonderful experience .
from the delectable antipasto misto to the spaghetti alla barese and the parmigiana and end with gelato , all be mouth water .
too bad they be out of the chocolate lava cake .
maybe next time they will have it .
service be excellent !
Sandy
beware of Sharayu
hopeless service , at the time of book my car a lot be promise but deliver not even one tenth of what be promise .
apart from that in spite of my repeat attempt I could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge a official complaint .
my advice to all be I have fall into this trap ... pl ensure you _ !!!
course have come a long way !!
_ new nine be a little shaky at first , but the new grounds superintendent have do wonder for the course !!
the comment below definitely need to be retract !
come back and give HCC a second chance at least !
it be a great course for local golfer to be proud of and all the comment in 2008 have be very positive !!
excellent physiotherapist !
Kusal Goonewardena and he team of physio be unbelievable !
I have be suffer from back pain for over 12 year and have be to numerous specialist , physio , osteo and chiro with no help .
it take the Vigor team only 4 visit to get I feel normal !
and now 2 month after my last appointment I be good than ever .
thanks guy !
they must have read this review and improve !
my husband and I happen in on a whim .
we sit in the front dining area , it be very cozy and pleasant .
we server be quite attentive and the food be fantastic .
my husband have be a professional chef , so he be a good judge of quality food .
this be a flavorful , enjoyable meal for both of we .
rude rude rude
go in there and get my dog groom come home to a uneven dog then take he back to get even up what a mistake !
she _ even let I finish a sentence without insult I and tell I how I should have say it !
I _ go back !
she need to develop a personality !
bring dog home and _ all choppy now !
_ helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting .
if you watch a lot of fight ( youtube ) and research some of the history ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bullfighting ) you will find yourself enjoy it a lot more !
also after see a handful of bullfight , I can say that _ a lot more enjoyable if _ smashed ( bac >= .15 ) .
all I can say be that I be glad I go in !
the nurse be sweet as pie and the doctor be wonderful .
this place be about healing , not make a buck .
the followup visit be free !!
after go to the hospital and pay er price ... there be no way I _ be back here !!
I will be back and tell everyone about this clinic .
thank you !!
I just like the fact that he be able to do the specific type of repair I want ( a reball ) and give I the long warranty and even a low price .
someone else I find that say they could do it but want to charge I more and give I less warranty .
it be a no brainer really .
I choose Console Pro and _ happy I do .
this place be bad .
_ dark , dingy & dirty .
the salad be limp and the rest of the food _ any good ( ok , the nacho be not too bad ! )
this place may have be something sometime ; but it way past it " sell by date " .
I have eat here twice in the past year and will not go back and _ recommend it .
top range of bike , cheap price , excellent a +++
yep they fixed my thumpstar in 1 day .
it _ go and have a gear box problem ....
I _ find anywhere else local to fix it so I take it there and they fix it for $ 150 ...
thanks guy go really well and thanks for the cheap price ..
excellent , top guy a +++++ recommend to anyone !!!!!!!!!!
_ on Friendly ... rip
this be the original _ restaurant , expand into a regional chain in the late 80' -- but this one be no more .
victim of hard time and I suspect fail corporate management .
accord to news account , the company be struggle .
I have many fond memory of my college evening there long ago .
so long _ ... you will be miss .
we be very pleased with the service of First Glass Window .
we window pane be so dirty that they need a specialist to come and clean they .
we call few company before we decide to hire they .
they come on time and complete they work quickly .
we be very happy how clean look we window .
if you have some problem with you window , you should call they .
great help even near closing time !
I come in to town for a week and forget my trainer !
oh no !!
I come in 30 minute before close and the staff be super helpful .
they spend a lot of time with I and get I into a great pair of shoe .
I think they may even be good than the pair I have be use this past year !
thanks Run on !
great
this be a perfect place to get you hair do .
I have go there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair do or when I want a haircut .
when I get my hair do there , they use enough hairstyling product while it do not ruin you hair .
the service be great and during weekend it tend to get busy , but the wait be worthwhile .
highly recommend
I have work with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for year and have never be disappoint .
no matter what state I be in when I arrive , I always leave feel good .
she have not only help I through some challenging computer - work and sport relate injury , she be wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .
I highly recommend she .
good store in Boothbay Harbor
what a fantastic store , I love this place .
not the same old stuff that all the other store have .
they item be very unique , great quality , great price .
they also have the good tea I ever have , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery store , I stock up whenever _ there because they be closed in the winter .
the good
Dr. Aster and she team have be a strong advocate in the health of both my daughter .
Dr. Aster be very kind and gentle with the child , but also positive and to the point with the parent .
she be a excellent doctor to have on _ team .
even though I live pretty far from she office I still make the trip so my daughter will have the good !
my wife and I avoid do some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in we home for several year due to overall hassle and cost involve .
I finally call Matt from Bonafide and he make the project both easy for we and reasonable .
he be prompt , knowledgeable , friendly , clean and just a overall great guy who obviously care about he business .
I will recommend he service however / whenever possible !
real pro
_ have writer friend describe horror story with they printer .
I tell they : why not just go with this guy ?
Richard Joule and the gang be pro from start to finish .
they set out to exceed you expectation .
already _ consider future project , and I can assure you that for my printing need I will be choose no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .
I have be here 3 time and all 3 time it have be bad !
they have mess up my order and .... the food be just not good !
I have sonic in many other place but for some reason this sonic be always just cover in grease and not good ... :(
I hope they get they act together ...
I be go to give it one last chance in next few month and see ??
I call they for a estimate and they insult I when I ask they question .
they be very rude and nasty .
please _ use this moving company if you _ want to : cry , have trouble and a bad experience on the day of you move .
they will give you a low price over the phone and on the day of you move they will change the price , I guarantee it .
_ get Maid do a fabulous job clean my home .
I be hire they to come once a week now that they get my house to where they can maintain it for only a hour and a half every two week !
satisfactory for sure with the service !
beat have one " cleaning lady " who take twice as long and do not do a very thorough job like the " maid " do !
this place have the good baby and _ clothes .
especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just _ find in a lot of store .
it be all very unique and you _ find any other baby wear the same stuff .
I spend quite a bit because I spoil my little princess .
after all she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it .
antique lighting , fixture , Chicago
great place for antique lighting !
I visit they huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say be wow !!
lot of collection , many antique light fixture , chandelier , custom lighting etc .
I think they have the large collection for chandelier Chicago .
antique , vintage , contemporary & modern chandelier .
I would recommend they for any custom lighting or lighting repair and restoration Chicago
great food awesome food awesome service
I want to try someplace new again .
this place rock .
bring my wife Deb with I and she like the fry crab wonton and say they be good ..
we also have the bbq spare rib .. good also .
I order the moo shu pork and it be great ..
I also order the Neptune platter which be awesome ... so this place get 5 out of 5 star .
do not go here !!!
I go to get my nail fill Friday , by Monday 2 be broken .
I be not happy with the way they look , very wavy , uneven edge , and with the exception of 1 , there be a dip in the center of each nail .
I also have a pedicure , and they cut my nail too short , one of my big toe look like _ get infected .
no way .
_ certainly no expert on Asian food in fact not even a lover of Vietnamese food but I want to try the real thing here at A Dong .
cold , slimy , tasteless however be the same in all language and food .
not good , not great , and again another disappointment in central Iowa .
how do this place stay in business .
this town need some food soul and this be not it .
worth every penny
my girlfriend and I eat at the Grill last night , and we experience be amazing .
everything we order be prepare to perfection , and be present perfectly .
the asparagus , sear tuna , and lobster tail be the good we ever have .
then the dessert come , and they be hand down the good dessert we ever have .
I will sum it up with , it be worth every penny !
good Chinese restaurant ever !!!
it be the good Chinese food I have ever have .
all the food taste excellent , and with the new renovation of chair and the bathroom , it be awesome .
the people work there be also extremely polite and friendly .
every time I go , Kevin , the manager , will always remember my family and I .
overall , it be very family oriented , and I recommend it to everyone !!!
furnace repair
Tiger Heating be awesome .
I have John and Dustin work feverishly to get my exhaust motor replace .
this guy be absolutely professional .
John be here in 45 minute after I call on a 10 below zero early Sunday morning .
if you need someone to help you out with you heating problem , I definitely would call TIGER HEATING and AIR .
absolutely a wonderful company .
my family and I thank you !!!!!!!!!!
they suck
go somewhere else ...
want to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700 .
after search high and low for a salesman , I be treat like dirt , and we leave .
part department blow , service department be even bad .
I live 10 minute from Cycle City , but I drive 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersport in LaGrange , deal with the owner , Levi , and be well take care of .
professional and inspiring
Nigel from Nidd Design have always provide a first class service , from he advice and professionalism to the quality of he design drawing and planning application .
he knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning application , ensure compliance with the building regulation .
once you have meet Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else .
he really do turn you dream into reality for you home !
we come at around 730 and they close at 8 and want to try the special but they be out for the day so I would say go way before they close .
get the crab rangoon which be great , tofu with cabbage which be spicy but good and shrimp satay which be also good .
definitely go to come back and try this place again .
Bea be really nice and ask how the food be .
cute place also
as a native southern Californian I can tell you that this be not authentic Mexican food .
however , I still like this place a lot .
esp. the mole , tortilla soup , and guacamole .
margarita be alright .
my only complaint be the queso .
it use to be fabulous , why do you guy change it ??
queso should not be watery :( .....
*** update *** never mind !
they fix the queso !
thank you thank you
there be so many wonderful great place to dine in houston .... _ . waste you time here .
I have the morelias enchilada .
the sauce be dry and the enchiladas do not taste good . at all .
in fact my friend vomit after we meal .
maybe we order the wrong dish but my experience here be poor .
service be okay not great , we come for a late lunch .
I _ recommend this place .
skylight repair
my skylight be make a horrible noise when the wind blow .
James Bateman come the day I call and fix the problem quickly and efficiently .
he also inspect my entire roof to see if there be anything else that need attention .
he call the next day to see if everything be to my satisfaction .
when the next hailstorm blow through , I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .
tricky short guy
the new management be tricky and talk you into get video rental agreement .
to my surprise $ 20 deposit .... new movie not on shelf .. under the counter for Telugu speak people only ... or people who spend $ 30 or more grocery ..
that do it for I .. no more _ .
besides parking be a pain .. cramped and unruly with Kumon Parent next door .... give I heebee gee bees'
small firm with great service
Bloom Legal be really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom take the time to help I understand the legal issue I be deal with .
I much prefer the one - on - one service here to the experience _ have with big office and firm .
while I hope I _ have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do _ definitely use this firm again .
use they service for the first time and be immediately impress by they professionalism ( receive a phone call soon after order be place to confirm detail ) and the subsequent delivery of my gift ( to Split , Croatia ) be as request .
the gift itself be exactly as describe and picture in the catalogue and of the high standard .
would highly recommend to anyone require overseas gift delivery .
Danny ( Australia )
I love my gym !
FITNESS UNLIMITED be a second home to a lot of we gym member who work out daily .
if you be serious about work out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have choose the good place to be .
this be the most humble gym you will ever step into .... if you dare to work on you body _ be surprised when you see how addicting go to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be !!
over-rated ...
this restaurant be over-rated .
it be hard to find ... and the Mexican food be bland , almost equivalent to eat out of a can .
the service be poor ...
I ask for a fry egg on my enchilada ... and do not get it .!
secondly , the enchilada do not come with enchilada sauce .. but chili ... like _ chili .. the cheese be American cheese !
the chili relleno .. have no batter on it .
I google restaurant in the area and Fuji Sushi come up and review be great so I make a carry out order of : l 17 .
mix Tempura ..................... 8.25 shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad .
I be very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size , to go box set up and quality of the food for the price .
_ very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out again .
learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter !
when I say jiu - jitsu or mma I mean it !
good jiu - jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and I have the experience and belt to back it up !
when you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teach and train everyday !
if you coach have no fight and you never see he train and sweat something be wrong !
Dave Terrell www.norcalfightingalliance.com
good pizza at a good price
I just move nearby and have try several of the local place , this be the first one and I should have just stick with it .
the pizza be usually pretty good , the only bad one we get be on a Friday night and it just need to be cook a little more , but it be still good .
they bbq chicken pizza be one of the good one I have ever have .
horrible service !!!
absolute horrible service from the part department .
they be very rude over the phone and in person .
they talk down to you like they be supreme being , if you hate you job so much then quit !!
how this guy can get away with be so rude with people be mind blow .
I will never do business with Sun Toyota again .
thank god there be plenty of Toyota dealership to choose from in this city .
this be a good place
I have be here before and the service be absolutely great .
they have a great selection of color to choose from and they seat be super comfy .
I enjoy go there although _ only be there once , I will be return today to receive a pair of French tip and I will only go to the good and to I the good be here .
I recommend you to go and enjoy they wonderful hospitality .
Anna Marie and Govind be very sweet people , and the minute you steep into they school , the calm loving atmosphere take over , and tension and worry stay outside in the street , whether or not you pick they up again after class be probably a question of practice .
a wonderful place , if you want more than just the physical side of yoga .
give yourself the gift of try this place , to see if it fit you ...
they _ seem to be interested in sell car .
go there yesterday : we be try to decide between two different Honda model , so we want to test - drive both back to back .
the salesperson refuse !
claim he be too busy for two test drive .
we be the only customer there !
_ waste time , just drive 10 minute more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help they customer there !
eat here a couple time .
it be not a high end steak house , more of the cuisine BRETT enjoy in MISSISSIPPI .
so , if you want a burger and fry , well , it be ok .
if you want a little cajunish food - it be good .
if you want a steak , well , this be not the good in GREEN BAY .
overall decent but if you be expect a RUTH CHRIS type steak , this be not it .
Eulogic
good place to be on a Sunday night .
the beer be good , nice choice of beer as well , and as usual the mussel be great , the place upstairs be a nice addition to the bar downstairs .
fill up on too much beer and hence _ comment on the food .
but the menu have standard stuff that one would get at a Belgian tavern .
if you be a handcraft beer person , this be a fantastic place to be .
perfect location plus
I move into the Tanglewood Apartment in late 2008 and _ be a refresh change .
I use to live at Meadowrun and that be a nightmare .
the manager - Tiffany - be actually very nice so _ a bit surprised by other comment .
_ very reachable and she have always respond quickly to any question or request .
plus she plan a monthly breakfast and other event at the clubhouse which be a nice add benefit .
great service / deal - support this local business
I have use this guy for new snow , fix lot of flat , use replacement tire , and oil change .
they have the good price locally and good customer service .
one guy be a little surly , but who give a crap as long as you _ work be outstanding .
and _ usually able to help you as a walk - in , and _ fast .
overall - good stuff .
another great business bite the dust !
the good cake ever !
a bit pricey , so I _ go very often , but it be always a treat when I do .
the price be worth what I get .
_ assume they be completely out of business since I _ find any contact information .
_ hope the baker continue to do they baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have this cake any long .
super nice people , really good food
what I love most about this place , other than the food , be that eat here make you feel like _ in a small town rather than Baltimore .
the owner be really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there be hardly any traffic ) be great .
one of my top 5 place to eat in Baltimore .
overpriced
this place be identical to the Youngstown Sport Grille , so I imagine they be own / operate by the same people .
the food be mediocre at well , and largely overpriced give the portion size and quality .
_ even get I start on how expensive it be to drink there .
I have eat here 3 time since they first open , and the service have be poor each time , the staff always come across as somewhat rude and slow .
app 4 salad 3 entree 3.5 wine 5 ( November 07 )
enjoy this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folk .
service be excellent .
food be excellent .
wine be excellent .
I be feel the need for some fish so I have the salmon which be very good but the steak look amazing and if I be in town again , _ definitely order a steak .
a perfect place for a romantic dinner .
lot of " pretty people " dine inside .
great staff .
very helpful !!!!
they interview I , give I test in the software I include on my resume , and place I in a position that I keep for several year .
re-interview and be go on interview for a new job .
_ really thankful for the folk at HR Office .
they be dependable , have great connection in the community , and be a great resource for find a job .
I highly recommend they to all of my friend !!!! !
great experience - consider check out they puppy before buy from a breeder !
I adopt a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friend League .
the staff be very helpful in find the right dog for I and the care my pup receive be outstanding .
if you be on the lookout for a pure breed pup _ forget to check out the shelter !
my pup have a wonderful temperament and have be a wonderful addition to my family !
food good , service poor
no silverware , ask for a spoon for my _ mac and cheese end up have to use my tea spoon .
ask for bar - b - que sauce never get it .
never check back with we once we get we food .
have to go to the bus _ station ourselves to get napkin .
only one server , too busy talk with other I guess .
food be good , but service mean a lot to I .
Dr. Chao you be the good dentist I have ever have .
you be knowledgeable , professional , gentle and kind .
I wish I have you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my tooth would have be a lot good than they be now , however I be glad you be my dentist now .
even though you be expensive .
thank you for help to preserve my teeth .
you be meticulous in you work and it show in my smile .
con garage
I bring my car in for a simple emission test .
I guess they figure I for a easy mark , and try to explain that my car _ pass unless I replace a hose .
ten minute late , I take my car down the street and it pass the emission test with fly color .
if _ a fan of herpes , be rip off , and child molester , this be the garage for you .
if not , go somewhere else .
rude service
even though I have never try hoa salon but I agree with other reviewer that they be rude .
I call and ask about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who answer the phone refuse to tell I , or even just give I a approximate price range .
he tell we to stop by the salon and then he will tell we the price .
what kind of rude service be that ?
I _ want to waste my time with they .
top notch eat !
so here we be in Manson .
Manson ?
yes , Manson .
right near Chelan .
aka Nowheresville .
and this little gem of a 7 - table restaurant be a complete and utterly wonderful surprise .
a short but wide - range menu execute with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street .
fantastic food serve without pretense , very reasonably price wine selection .
a great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting .
excellent service and reasonable price
boutique store deal in _ clothing / gift be often outrageously price ( who want to pay 40 dollar for a newborn onesie ? )
but I be pleasantly surprised to find that the Purple _ price be reasonable ( for the same product find at other area boutique , the price be 20 - 25 % cheap ) .
the service be also excellent - friendly , helpful and informative without be overbearing .
will definitely return .
consistently poor
a lack of organisation , couple with the disdain for its customer , make this the bad rental agency I have use .
chase they on issue from the day I move in ( many of they still unresolved as I leave ) to all sort of farcical issue with fund , after I leave . . . . as soon as I could .
if you must use they , be vigilant and be ready to push , if you can go elsewhere then I would .
amazing night - great party spot !!
go to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drink ... place be awesome .
have to keep in mind that the a / c break , I feel bad it be they opening !
anyway , once that be fix , this place will be amazing .
drink be awesome , price reasonable , and staff friendly .
this be a awesome date spot that the area seriously need .
check out the Willow Lounge , _ be happy !
_ be a few year since I have be to Ipanema .
but my wife and I first go there think it would be Brazilian food ( think lot of meat ) , but it turn out to be a vegan restaurant !
and , I can say , this be one of my favorite place to eat in all of Richmond .
amazing !
_ let the nondescript building entrance fool you , this be some creative and talented chef ... two thumb way , way up !
excellent food , fantastic wait staff
I recently throw a surprise birthday party for my wife at _ .
we have 30 guest for the event , and everyone come away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .
the management be easy to deal with during the planning stage , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff be flawless .
I highly recommend _ for anyone plan a special event for friend , family or business .
fantastic store !!!
I come upon this store as the building catch my eye .
_ locate in the huge HONKA Log Home building , by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway .
the store be decorate with furnishings & accessory .
the friendly crew work be great & very helpful .
this store be what Colorado be all about .
also , I purchase some furniture last year and all have be great !
it durability & look be perfect and I will definitely be add to my collection soon !
lovely people , great hat
I be sadden to see the review that claim World Hat Mart have poor service .
it lead I to believe that the reviewer simply have difficulty tolerate people with strongly - accented English .
the husband and wife who run this spot be lovely people .
we have have many conversation with they and they have always be extremely patient with I as I try on multiple hat in search of the right costume for my magic act .
I recommend they highly !
_ ever go there , not even if you car flip .
they service suck to start off with , people be cruel and ignorant .
_ completely dissatisfied with they service and they product .
they do not have a return policy and even if they product suck , they will not take it back !
do not ever go here .
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the mean people .
and they thrive to get a customer .
do not go here .. thank you
horrible
I have be grow my hair out for 1 year plus and go in to get 1 inch take off .
I walk out with 5 inch long hair on the top , 2 inch long hair on the side , and 1.5 in the back .
my hair be uneven and it look ridiculous .
this woman should be work in supercuts ... if that .
this be a terrible experience and I hope that no one else go through that .
do yourself _ a favor and do not go to this establishment .
the bad Burger King restaurant !!!
I generally like the BK over the other fast serve restaurant ; however , I regret to visit this restaurant at my town .
this be a shame of my adorable town , Branford .
I order a kid meal with a milk and find a bottle be half open already .
I ask they to change it but they rudely say that it be okay .
disgusting French fry be very good menu .
_ go , or you will learn how to waste you money .
disappointed
the bad : I be at Napa recently and be unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .
we be a party of 4 and none of we be particularly pleased with we dish .
Napa be all about wine but give very short description of the wine on they list .
I find my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we choose to be poorly compose .
if you must go ask lot of question about you selection since you expectation may as high as mine be .
highly recommend
we walk in to pick we little man at 10 minute to closing and hear laughter from kid and the staff .
the facility be more than adequate and the staff be just phenomenal .
they sense of humour and calmness when deal with the little one amaze I every time I walk in .
we have since move slightly far away from the centre but _ worth the extra travel , as the care provide exceed we expectation ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experience elsewhere .
horrible !!!! !
this have to be some of the bad pizza I have ever have the misfortune of order .
the crust be lopsided , thick on one side than the other .
it actually have a hole in one of the slice .
there be minimal cheese and sauce and it completely lack flavor .
I know New York pizza and this be not it !!
this be nothing like New York style pizza !!!.
I love pizza and this be a complete and utter disappointment !!
I would not suggest this pizza to anyone !!!
good quote ever my gate be stuck halfway open so I call A CLASS Garage Door dr service .
they come to my house in no time and start work on the gate .
they be very friendly and be able to explain I exactly what be wrong with it .
once they fix it they answer all of my question with no hesitation and then give I the good quote ever .
I know that if my garage door need to be repair , I will be call A CLASS Garage Door
you will be happy at this store !
Allen Tire be recommend by friend after my have bad tire experience in Temecula .
the store manager , Jim Smith , make a excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquire Lexus .
tire be the right price and now the car feel like it be ride on rail around turn .
the store be clean , run very professionally and a pleasure to be in .
they know they job and you do not have to watch they to be sure everything be do right .
easy time I ever have purchase a car !
excellent service , not only do they get the exact car I want within _ 48 hour but the sale man also take I out to lunch .
very kind and reliable .
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .
I have since purchase two car from this dealership , the first one be from Phillip and the second be from Richard .
both be excellent sale man who put my need first .
this place have do a great job of take care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie .
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuse other shop always give I ... " the inspection guy _ here today " .... for example .
today I go into Kwik Kar and there be two car in front of I for inspection ... but I be still out of there pretty quick ... barely have time to read a chapter in my book .
extremely helpful and professional
as first - time home buyer , my husband and I find Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty , extremely helpful .
she work with we for over a year , help we find we perfect home .
_ knowledge of the market and property in we price range , make we feel secure in we decision to buy when we do .
we would highly recommend Stephanie to anyone look for a home in the Yampa Valley .
we appreciate she patience , knowledge and kindness !
great barber
firstly , the other reviewer clearly have never be to _ , or he would know that Nick only charge $ 13 for a haircut which be pretty much industry standard .
I have be go to Nick for 5 month now precisely because he do pay attention to detail .
I have terrible hair and he really take he time to make it look right .
some of the young kid that work there be a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... _ be good .
ugh !!!
get some nice " freshly bake " fruit square , a personal favorite of mine .
take a bite , it taste odd .
flip the square over and see it riddled with green mold !!!!
ugh !!
I call the store and the clerk giggle , and agree that it be gross , but say it be not she problem .
she also refuse to get a manager .
I leave my number , or try to anyway .
same clerk have considerable difficulty take down a number .
_ never go back there again
for cheap Chinese food , this be the place to go .
I use to eat at place like New China or Green Buffet in Troy , MO - nothing terrible but not that great .
now , I _ eat fast food Chinese unless _ from this place .
the good value _ find from a Chinese restaurant .
I _ live in Lake St. Louis anymore , but delivery be always correct and the service courteous .
now I have to be in the area to get some loving : sad face :
amazing experience !
my experience be amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa .
Jana Kueck be nothing but professional .
she make you feel like you be the most important person in the world .
Jana make I feel very comfortable .
provide I with warm blanket and have soft music play .
walk in the door you be make to feel happy and relaxed .
equipment be state of the art .
I would recommend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedure they have to offer .
Dave be a patient and methodical teacher , who have a great ear and sensitivity for he _ passion and the direction they want they lesson to take .
also , he love teaching so much , he price be unbeatable , but that do not change he level of skill .
Dave have much to offer .
in just 2 - 3 focus lesson , _ already now capable of pick up new song off YouTube guitar how to video and be even write my own original with confidence !
~ Jason
we love we new roof !
we would like to thank you for the roofing job you do on we home .
everything be do on a timely manner and thing be clean and pick up every day when the crew be done .
we also like the way that Ray check on the job every day .
and when the job be done every thing be clean up and haul off that same day .
we would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again .
we have already recommend you to some of we friend !
omfg
I fucking hate this place every time I go this hot chick show up and I mean really hot but she be like really dumb and then there be this other chick that be really ugly but she be like super smart she could be a scientist , but then there be this stoner who always come here high and he always bring he fucking dog who be so high from the second hand smoke I think he be try to talk .
anyway we drive around in my van and solve mystery and shit
amazingly yummy !
I just get back from france yesterday and just miss the food already !
my sister in law tell I about this amazing new crepe place in town , I be so excited I just want to go and test it out for myself _ !
they customer service be perfect !
they food be good than anything I have ever taste .
even in FRANCE !
I would highly recommend this place to anyone look for a great atmosphere , amazing food , and great customer service !
thank you Roll UP Crepe !
this be one of the bad place I have stay , we cut we stay short and go to the Mulberry .
even though they still charge you the day you book but _ use , it be worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .
the whole experience show a hotel manage by what must be a 2 star hotel manager .
bad service start from the front desk .
the good person be the valet .
short of that , avoid this place , as a silver Marriott member , this be a disgrace .
good place in AMES
I live here for two year when the price be a little low :) the place be very nice and clean , and in great condition !
I really enjoy the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri be always very nice and helpful .
the fitness center be great !
the only problem that I have in 2 year of live there be that the wall be pretty thin , sometimes I could hear my neighbor conversation .
I would recommend this apartment to anybody !
I absolutely love live there .
the good service ever !!
I have never have good service .
my car break down and roadside tow my vehicle to Sussman Kia .
they squeeze I in and have I back up and run in no time .
everyone be pleasant and very helpful .
the service department even give I a ride home and pick I up when my car be finished .
the advisor keep I up to date and inform on the progress of my vehicle .
I give this dealer a a + !
I will definitely be bring my car back for service .
heaven on earth !!!!
must try !!!
a +++
this place be the good .
I hate sushi before but now I _ stop eat it !!!!!!!
nice SERVICE , and excellent food .
everything in here seem to amaze I !!!
they grill dish be _ this world and sushi be just fabulous !!!!
I eat here at least 5 day a week .
they have excellent sushi chef special roll for a fair price and so be the grill order .
a ++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
JUNO and OPEN I love you guy !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
[ no homo ] :d
friendly , fine food
the one - star review from 2005 be out of date .
there be a change of ownership a couple of year ago and service be both quick and extremely friendly .
the food continue to be very good -- deli sandwich , homemade soup , fresh salad .
the atmosphere may not be for everyone .
it be a bustling place where separate party be seat at the same table ( as in many European cafe ) , but if you be ok with that , the food be very good .
love the soup .
the new Italian kid on the block
another Italian restaurant in Collingswood ?
do we need another one ?
only if it be of the quality of _ Amore .
the menu have the usual but then they step it up another notch .
the arancini di riso ( risotto fritter ) be not to be miss .
chicken saltimbocca be excellent and then _ the chocolate mousse that come straight from heaven .
pay extra attention to the appetizer - the next time I go there _ plan on order a few instead of a entree .
Auto Towing be one of the good towing service I have use .
the first time I use they they arrive on time and tow car for I to the destination I need .
the auto mechanic that work for Auto Towing be very friendly and informative and answer any question I have .
they have tow car for I a few time and I be always very satisfied with this service .
if you be look for towing service that can offer you a good tow car service , then Auto Towing be the company for you .
a very satisfied new customer !
as a very satisfied new customer , I wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct Cleaning .
they be professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplish they work .
not only be my wife and I very pleased , but I also have the air duct quality test professionally by the home inspector that I regularly use , before and after United Air Duct perform they work .
base on the test result , the home inspector state that the quality of they job be " excellent " .
the good breakfast in Solana Beach !
we love _ Cafe !
without a doubt the good place to grab a tall bloody mary and some egg benedict .
_ have be a North County landmark for thirty year and with good reason .
family own and operate make sure the atmosphere be relaxed and the food home - cook with style .
I highly recommend pick up a jug of they homemade bloody mary mix - definitely the good .
if _ be to North County , chance be _ in you favorite list already .
Prominent Builder NJ
prominent builder in New Jersey be one the good building contractor , I be refer to they by my friend , I be so glad I use they for my home renovation , and addition .
they be very professional , respectful , complete the job on time , and well below my budget .
Mike one of owner be awesome , he explain the detailed plan , and execute on time , I be always go use they and refer they to many friend I can because of the great job they do I .
great dude cut !
great service , cool vibe , impeccable style .
_ a guy with tricky hair so get that right be job # 1 .
after go through 5 other place I finally find Janice at Alta Moda .
not only be it a good cut but my wife and friend comment on my hair every time I leave ... say _ the good look _ ever have .
either I suck at my own style or Janice be a genius .
look like _ a lot of talent in this place .
worth every penny .
my favorite place at Wildwood
I have be go to the Wildwood , NJ for over 30 year for summer vacation and always call the Madrid first .
I rate it 5 star .
I be not say it be a 5 star hotel .
I be say when compare all other hotel in Wildwood , this hotel have everything that we be look for .
it be the hospitality from Tom and staff , that make it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach .
we prefer the layout of room and it be always clean .
when in Scordia , Sicily
if ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and she familia .
they be and always will be the nice people in Sicily that you will meet .
you will also have the pleasure of learn the Italiano language .
you will also have the experience of learn the bella Sicilian culture , that I have fall in love with .
I will forever be eternally grateful for they hospitality and love that my Sicilian family show I when I be there for 3 year .
love always ..
_ never feel the need to write a review or make a complaint before , but after the way I be speak to by a member of staff at the kennel ( whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs ) I would now not recommend this business to anybody .
if the animal be treat in the same way the customer be treat then this leave a lot to be desire !
nobody should be speak to like that regardless of how bad they day may have be or what may be go on in they private life !
good car dealer in TX
I purchase a nissan from this dealership .
the sale man be very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we look at .
they be very patient and helpful from show the car to do the paperwork .
the paperwork be a very easy and smooth .
they try to run my credit score as less as possible so it _ hurt my score .
overall , I be very happy with the customer service and my purchase .
if _ look to buy a car , definitely give they a call .
they have a huge inventory .
I have be a patient at NW hospital and it be great .
I have also have a 80 year old that I take of send to the er and long stay in the hospital .
yes , we have to wait , but er be a triage system that take the most life threaten case first .
any er would be the same .
as far as be treat like a drug seeker , that have not be my experience .
as a nurse I know about drug seeker .
this be a great hospital and even good since it become part of the UW system .
wonderful experience
I have immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friend and family tell I that I would never find a dentist on a Sunday .
Dr. Taylor be not only available on a Sunday , but also be able to immediately take care of I .
he be incredibly informative about the option I have , give I opinion on different treatment to choose from .
come from a person who hate the dentist in general , Dr. Taylor be the good !
he really make the visit a pain free one with excellent service !
I would recommend he to everyone !
horrible
this school be the bad one _ ever be to .
I attend it for 2 year , and that be enough .
_ hole everywhere in the ceiling , sewage constantly leak through the ceiling , and the whole condition of the school be horrible .
the staff and the principal be ridiculous , they _ listen to any input , and they make up ridiculous rule ( they ban backpack , because a teacher trip over a _ ) .
the education be horrible at well , do society a favor , and do not send you student here .
excellent customer service and quality work .
they go the extra mile to repair my cowboy boot -- they have to have a special kind of paper that look like wood grain to fix the heel .
that be 4 year ago .
I _ be able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that have be able to do it .
( _ be through at least 5 place already . )
if I have time to drive to Tacoma before they close during the work week , I would just so I could get that boot fix properly again .
so handy for local La Jolla stuff - especially for find residential number
since move back from college and try to settle root in the Village , I have refer to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local number .
the white page allow I to get in touch with parent of my high school friend so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section be basically my cookbook .
_ really cool that so many local business be find so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .
thanks :-)
the staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if _ look for a good game and _ a nerd , _ ask they .
the last time I do that I be suggest to buy oblivion when I tell they I be look for a fps .
I know what it be and tell the guy that it _ a fps .
he try to tell I it be when I tell ask he if he know what fps stand for and he have no clue .
overall they _ very knowledgeable about the type of game be on the market .
first and last time _ eat there
my friend and I go there for lunch today .
neither one of we have ever be - so we think _ try it .
big mistake - the food be tasteless and cold .
we both keep try to find something we like .
the only thing I find edible be the potato wedge , I finally give up , he keep try - he find the fry wonton to be ok - he Mongolian bowl be awful .
would not recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save you money and go somewhere else .
liquidweb.com rock !!!
I be not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend call Steven be the client have several website .
I work with he and since past 6 year he be host he website to Liquidweb .
as I have go through many review site to see if any provider be provide good service or not , and I have realize that there be many good review about Liquidweb also Steven never face any server issue in he whole hosting .
the kind of support they provide be simply great !!!
I would like to host my upcoming website to liquidweb.com
Hino Dealer of the Year
congratulation Prestige Hino !
you have be award the converted Hino Dealer of the Year !
each of you should be proud of you massive contribution throughout the year !
major award - overall Hino dealer of the year .
overall Hino finance dealer of the year .
major award - market leader overall , Dandenong PMA , sale .
market leader medium duty , sale .
well do to Anthony and the team !
bronze award service excellence , metro .
well do to Brendan and the team !
gold award part excellence , metro .
well do to Jason and the team !
simple but perfect
if you want flashy fancy food stack high with lot of fussy garnish , this be not the place for you .
if you want perfectly execute simple dish that feature a few exquisite ingredient , _ love Vetri .
hand - down the good pasta and gnocchi _ ever eat ( and _ eat a lot ) .
the antipasto be amazing , the wine be mind - blowing , the service _ have be good .
_ dine at lot of high - end restaurant and _ never before feel my money be so well spend .
great price , great service !
_ be to this shop twice ( once for a inspection and again for a oil change ) and they truly live up to they name : Discount !
they have all kind of coupon available for car wash , oil change , state inspection , etc .
the thing be , you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rate !
there be even free coffee and bottle of water if _ like .
the owner be a pleasant guy and I would trust my car with he or any of he worker .
top notch , all the way !
David be amazing
David be the most helpful and creative photographer that I have use .
he be willing to do whatever you need from he without hesitation .
he be patient and adapt when everything _ go accord to schedule on my wedding day .
both the engagement and wedding picture that he take for we be absolutely amazing .
he get the picture back to I quickly .
I would highly recommend David to anyone .
he will exceed you expectation !
he _ just take picture he make art out of they and you _ even notice that _ a camera there .
not so great
my husband just get a bike there as a gift _ only have it a month .
_ a nice bike and it cost a lot of money .
but just this week a pedal break .
he take it back and they would not honor a warranty and say it be he fault because of he shoe ??
so they be go to charge he for new pedal and proceed to put they on without even tell he the price .
which be very expensive .
he ask for a different pair instead and they only give he five dollar off ??
Trek be not so great
only concerned with money
I have be get my treatment for a few month now and have see some result but not up to the standard that I be tell I should expect .
the people there attempt to come across as professional and nice , but I be disappointed with they customer service .
never miss a appointment because they will charge you the price of a treatment , even if you have a emergency .
_ pretty ridiculous !
they want to squeeze as much as they can from you even if you just get in a car accident !!!!
they _ care one bit about you !!!!!
terrible service !!!
make a appointment to have they come to the house to discuss curtain option and give a estimate .
they send over someone who say he know nothing about curtain and could not show I fabric option or give a estimate .
when I call the manager to complain , she say she know the guy _ know about curtain and that the usual lady call in sick hour early !
instead of reschedule they choose to waste my time instead .
so what be the point of the appointment !?!
to just come over and hang out ?!?
I will never do business with this company !
ever !!!
internet department be rude and insulting
I be look to bring a customer to they lot to buy a car but the internet salesperson last name be Balazick send I this email " and if it be worth my time I would have bother answer you question .
I make money not deal with broker " wow , can you believe in _ tough time this dealership would be look for any way to move vehicle .
as a previous internet manager I would deal with anyone look to buy a car for a profit and not care if they come in with a broker .
stay away from this dealership !!!
this place be a rip - off
I bring a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnose back in March of 2010 .
they say it be " plug and wire " and quote I $ 330 to do the work , include part .
I ask why so high and they say it be due to the labor of move thing out of the way .
that thing end up be a windshield washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clip ) .
I do the work myself for $ 50 .
_ no excuse for that kind of estimate .
my girlfriend and I take a chance on this place because we _ want to wait in line at Outback .
what a amazing find - this restaurant be a gem .
# 1 _ immaculately clean .
# 2 the decor be tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chair to the elegant light fixture .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food be fantastic .
this be authentic Cuban cuisine ; fresh ingredient expertly prepare and season perfectly .
the portion be generous and we get out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .
try this place - _ love it .
thank you for help I get more healthy !
I come in and see Dr. Ruona about a month ago for quit smoking .
I have to tell you that I _ have one and _ want one .
it be the easy thing that I have ever do and I tell all my friend that they should do it too .
I send a customer of mine to you .
Dr. Ruona , if you read this , thank you for help I get more healthy .
I feel light and feel that I have more possibility open to I now than I do before .
I _ thank you enough .
Sign of Saltford - a excellent supplier of value for money sign and banner etc .
I have be a friend and customer of Sign of Saltford for well over 12 year now and I also become they website supplier some 3 year ago .
Tina be the drive force of the business and you can be assure that she will endeavor to satisfy all you signage requirement at the most cost effective rate .
I have be extremely pleased with the sign and pop - up banner she have supply to I over the year - a truly first class family business run by Tina and she husband Chris .
my counseling practice
hello my name be Vera and _ write a review about my own counseling practice in Bellevue , WA. and in Renton WA .
I be a license mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problem .
I offer compassionate , approachable and personalize counseling service .
my style be compassionate , nonjudgmental , and caring .
please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com .
I be a prefer provider with most insurance company .
schedule you first appointment online !
I would appreciate review from anyone who have work with I before in the mental health setting .
fantastic for kid
if you have child or be just a real animal lover yourself _ love this zoo .
_ only $ 10 and in essence just one big petting zoo .
they sell feed and milk bottle at the front and I recommend you buy lot .
we take we 7 month old and she laugh and giggle when ( very harshly I might add ) grab and ' kiss ' the goat and lamb .
the animal be all very sweet and patient with she .
among the animal that be available to touch be pony , camel and even a ostrich !!!
wonderful , inexpensive and lot of fun !
wow !!!
I _ say enough good thing about Karla and the wonderful thing she have do for I and my dog Gracee .
Gracee be more excited to see she than she be to see I !!!!
she have always be there for Gracee even for last minute call !
she have take care of my sweet girl for almost 4 year now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides she !!!
she be caring , punctual , and very enthusiastic about she job !
you should give she a try - _ worth every penny to know that you pet be in great hand with Wunderbar pet sitting !!!!
bad service _ ever experience
I wish there be something good to say about the business , but unfortunately , there _ .
1 ) service and manners be nonexistent .
2 ) the employee constantly talk down to customer and be very argumentative for the sake of be argumentative .
( to both myself and customer ) 3 ) I have never experience so much rudeness come from a business .
4 ) the business be very unorganized .
the invoice be not detailed , so it be difficult to see what you be pay for .
_ recommend to save you time and energy and find another Greek store .
Exile be the good !!!
Exile be the long last and most authentic punk store in Richmond !
I have be shop there for over six year now .
the staff be incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner , Mimmy , be a absolute angel .
the mark up be minimal consider that the clothing be hard to find and often ship for Europe .
in addition , the clothing be of much good quality than the clothing from hot topic , which be make as cheaply as possible by people live in horrible condition in Asia .
Exile be environmentally conscious and involved heavily in we community .
shop local at Exile !!
over-rated
Buddakan inevitably attract the majority of its guest simply because of its association with Steven Starr , but that _ impress I .
the atmosphere alone deserve 4 star but , the food be not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carry .
the server we have be knowledgeable but he be not as proper as he should have be , act like he be talk to he friend rather than he customer .
the angry lobster be completely over-priced !
$ 80 for a dish that have about one small lobster tail and be full of filler vegetable !
I _ go there again .
Alto deliver on all level .
from the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you be some place special .
the service be impeccable , and the food be even good .
I highly recommend the four - course tasting menu , which give you plenty of range and food to satisfy you appetite .
also , if you be into wine , Alto have the depth of both region , varietal , and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier ( or after 9 pm , bring you own bottle for free ... no corking fee ! ) .
while _ not cheap , Alto will give you a experience _ never forget .
the landlord be not nice nor helpful
I have live in Buckingham Condominium townhouse for 2 year .
I love the location and the apartment !!
_ a single female and I feel safe come home at night .
the maintenance people be awesome !!!!
and the exterminator be very nice , also .
yes , you still have a few bug , but _ go to be anywhere you go !
the only problem that I have experience be the landlord .
she be a pure bitch !!!
I know _ ugly ... but she _ help you out for anything ... sad story .
other than that , I would recommend live here . :)
the staff leave a lot to be desire .
the front staff have see quite a bit of turnover and change from professional to rude .
a simple follow - up phone call with a woman quickly turn into a nightmare .
she may be the reason for all the change .
I sincerely wonder if the doctor have a clue about what be go on within he practice .
if he do know and approve of this behavior then it be a poor reflection on he .
sometimes it be not worth it to go through that kind of staff and they personal attitude to get to a doctor .
he be a okay doctor but not worth she .
WWW - wonderful wild Wildernest inn
I would give the Wildernest inn ten star of five !
atop Spring Mountain , from the deck of the west porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .
I see deer frequently , in fact a small herd be graze near the lodge .
there be occasional bear on the deck in the morning .
and most correctly , we visitor do not mingle with the native wildlife .
it would have be more than one could bear !
Kathy and Stewart , the proprietor be the epitome of perfection .
delightful , hospitable , superb , cozy and comfortable .
I hope to be back !
junkie lube ?!
really weird place , I be drive home from work think _ stop in for a oil change and well , there be a few guy in jiffy lube uniform sit at the table drink beer and shoot the breeze .
the neon lighting sign still say " on " yet some guy who seem to be the old of the bunch , more like the drunk of the bunch tell I _ be open tomorrow .
I ask if a manager be on duty he tell I he be .
wow !
grey shirt " mark " of course with this type behavior he could have be wear someone _ clothing .....
a friend and I recently take we 16 and 18 month old here .
while there _ too much available for they age ( ball pit , bouncy area and a little padded pyramid to climb on ) , we go right when they open at 10 am on a winter weekday and end up be the only one there , so we be give a little more liberty than we would have if other have be there .
_ not the classy place , but it be clean than I expect and the staff be very friendly .
for $ 4 it be a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .
restore my faith in mechanic .
I spend 3 month go from shop to shop try to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .
I be about to give up when I meet Jason and Neal .
they take on the challenge of make my Ferrari all I dream of and more .
the crew at the Creative Workshop go over and above the call of duty and give I back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy own .
I _ say enough about this place .
they have restore my faith in mechanic .
do yourself a favor , call this guy first and enjoy drive you car again ..
a great vacation !
we want to see the sun - and we also get much more !
excellent chef be in the kitchen prepare memorable breakfast .
after a train ride over the mountain , we enjoy hike in the flower - fill Wenatchee hill ( in May ) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River ... and then wine if we want it on the patio in the evening ....
this be a busy group of host they be also run a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and _ sure they will do they good to be hospitable .
omg
omg .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place be packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner walk around and care how he customer feel about they food .
the waiter be like no other ...
my waiter be so excellent I give he a 75 % tip , and it be worth every penny ..
the food be finger lick the bowel fantastic ..
I just discover she have a place right near my work ( color I phat ) if you be look for a romantic place with the good food and service in the valley Giovanni Ristorante should be you number 1 + 2 choice .
Holly be truly the good hairstylist !
I have live in the UTC La Jolla area for many year , and I never know this salon be here until a friend refer I to see Holly here .
I be very pleased with my experience here .
all of the people be friendly and welcoming .
I get highlight , haircut , and a blowdry .
she do a great job !
holly be very experienced and talented , and I could tell she know what she be do right off the bat .
my hair look amazing , and I get compliment all the time .
I definitely recommend this salon and Holly to anyone .
you will not be disappoint !!!!!!
outdated but not bad
so I really feel like this place be extremely outdated especially since the picture make it look nice and modern .
it have list that there be a hot breakfast but all this mean be that they add a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotel .
the family suite be basically two room with a small opening between they which work great for we because we be two family travel together .
if you be in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you be look for a little more upscale affair _ let the picture fool you and book somewhere else .
great , and probably the only West Indian spot worth hit up in Nashville .
I be bear and raise in Toronto , which have a huge West Indian ( Trinidadian , Jamaican , etc ) population .
so huge in fact , that Toronto slang be influence by and have Jamaican reference , and Jamaican beef patty be staple in my high school cafeteria .
anyway , I be practically raise on this stuff , and be a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way be a bit tone down to suit the American palette .
all you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food , be add a whole lot of pepper .
a lot .
the fine Christmas tree _ ever see .
I feel like I be in heaven when I walk through the majestic field of this particular farm .
the tree be in magnificent shape and the variety be astounding .
the owner be entertaining and gracious .
I especially like the eco friendly atmosphere and the _ love of all animal .
this be one of the good farm I have ever be to .
I would call it the Taj Mahal of the east coast !
it put hair on my chest and thanks to the _ advice I invest vanguard , get myself a woman like Jerry , and become a Republican .
thanks Tussey Mountain Tree Plantation !
phenomenal !!
I have be eat pho for almost my entire life and _ always go to the pho place in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown , but when I try this pho place , it blow the other pho house away !!
all of the pho place taste the same to I , so what separate one from the other be the service and the price .
the service here be incredible compare to the other place .
the only downfall _ of this pho house be the difficulty in find parking in chinatown .
remember to bring cash since they _ take debit or credit .
hope this help !!
have a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she be rude , inconsiderate and do not do the right thing for a item that be mark incorrectly ...
_ not interested in shop in a place with people like she ... she refuse to sell I the item at its mark price even after admit they have make a mistake .
I normally _ write review but see that I consider Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one _ be get my business , nor my _ , nor my co-worker .
_ never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they be right .
highly recommend
I work as a transformational life coach .
since this be a alternative therapy I always refer client to a licensed therapist when I feel that be appropriate .
I find she through a colleague one day when one of my client be in the midst of a panic attack and need professional help that I be not qualified to provide .
little do I know that I would soon be need she help as well !
she guide I through a very difficult period deal with a family _ suicide , couple with elder abuse .
I find she to be extremely solid , kind , compassionate , and intuitive as well .
I would recommend she highly !
they _ have a second chance from I .
first , let I state that although I live in NYC , I be not from NYC , I _ care about baseball and I absolutely love Boston to death ( so beautiful , so clean , so awesome ) .
that say , I hate this restaurant .
the service be just about as good as _ get in NYC ( that mean it be poor ) and the food be almost mediocre .
the decor leave a lot to be desire and the poster tell I all the reason 99 be great just serve as a ironic contrast against the reality .
personally I recommend you take you money elsewhere
when I arrive at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11 , I be greet and attend to by the sale manager , Gustavo Guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .
I explain to he what I want and that I previously go to Braman Honda .
Braman Honda be a bit of a hassle .
he tell I " no problem , we will match the offer or do well . "
Mr. Guerra give I a good deal without any hassle nor any type of problem .
Brickell Honda have be the good buying experience in the world .
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioner and all of south Florida resident to come see Gus !!!
excellent customer service !!!
great , honest service
I take my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a crack manifold .
the dealer want $ 1300 to fix that and another $ 1500 to fix some other thing .
Eagle Transmission determine that much of the work the dealer say need to be do be unnecessary and what need to be fix be only $ 400 !!
I be so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission !
I drop the truck off in the morning and it be ready that afternoon .
I have finally find a mechanic I trust !!
and it be great that they do not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - a add bonus !!
Dr. Shady
Kelly hit the nail on the head .
" Dr. Shady " be a jerk .
after the way she speak to I on my last visit , I will not be return !!
good luck keep business with that stick up attitude Dr. Shady .
you have just lose mine .
the next time you feel like be condescending to someone , it be not go to be I !!!!!!
Dr. Shady be inexperienced and prideful .
she probably do not even have 10 % of the knowledge that some of the other experienced vet do in this area .
I will be carefully research vet before I take my dog someplace else .
beautifully write review Doctor , but completely untrue .
poor experience
I do not have a good experience with / Dr. Ghassemlou .
during the session , he demand to have my physical address , which _ always keep private as I be enrol in a witness protection program .
I believe he be correct in that he need my physical address for legal reason , however , he do not adequately explain this during we session .
I learn more about this do my own research afterward .
I think he _ do more to assuage my concern by give I concrete fact .
say that I need to give he my address or else I have intimacy issue be not helpful .
_ pretty combative actually .
_ love it
I have have my back fuse in 2 place .
I wish that I _ do this .
with this fusion , chiropractic _ as successful , but it still be very helpful .
even after my fusion , my back continue to hurt , but now it _ hurt any more .
I would encourage anyone who be think of back surgery , to talk about different treatment option first with Dr. de Barros .
he really know what he be talk about and will approach the different option fairly .
you can see different treatment that a surgeon _ see , so that you can have several treatment option before you decide what to do .
unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon !!!
I have be to Kim at Cheveux for more than five year .
I _ tell you how often I be compliment on my hair ( style and color ) !
I regularly request _ business card as I be often stop on the street and ask " who do you hair ... I love it !!! "
quaint , lovely , small salon with big personality .
I be make to feel special when I be in the chair and I have never have a less than amazing cut or color experience .
my hair have never feel this healthy , either .
I _ recommend this salon enough !!!
thanks Cheveux !
my favorite in McLean
my family love come to Endo Sushi . they be very nice , it be never crowded , and the food be wonderful , very delicious and fresh !
sometimes it be hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it be on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself be never overcrowded .
if you _ park in the lot , then you can park in the shopping _ garage , and walk up to Endo Sushi .
the service be fast .
be sure to ring the little bell on you way out if you enjoy you meal !
( _ by the door , on the hostess stand )
horrible service !
I get yell at , literally yell at because I ask if I could pick up my car 5 - 10 minute late .
I explain that I be already on my way and I would rush to get there as soon as I could because I need my car for work at 5 am , but the guy be argue with I say he be _ lock the door right at 5:30 .
rude , unprofessional , just jerk .
seem like all they care about be the money and get home on time , no care for the customer at all !!!
miss a whole day of work because I be now carless .
I will never go to this place again .
superb arrangement
I use Fancy Flower for my late _ funeral flower as they have be recommend to I .
I be so glad that I call in to see Ana , she be a lovely girl who show nothing but care and compassion towards I .
the flower be all that I hope they would be , I have attend several funeral of late unfortunately and the flower I receive from Ana outshine they all .
she be so talented , the flower be arrange superbly and delicately , it be so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compare to other .
thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under good circumstance .
great first experience .
_ 22 , and my hairdresser be great ( and not " old " like one of the review say ) - she really listen to what I want and give I ton of tip on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I want it to .
she deep condition my hair and take the time to style it properly .
she recommend product but absolutely _ pressure I to buy .
_ a cute place with a really friendly , laid - back atmosphere .
I would highly recommend it and will be go back for my next haircut .
oh !
and student get $ 5 off , _ argue with that .
_ haven
yeah , this complex be not very good .
we bathroom fan , one electric outlet and 2 leaky sink have yet to be fix .
both bathroom look like they be flood and the wood cabinet be thrash at the bottom and they slap some piece of wood over to try to cover it up .
and non-smoker beware !!!
I think 90 percent of the tenant be smoker !
if you do not smoke , do not move here .
we unit reek of old cigarette smoke and it start to become apparent a few week after we move in .
you _ walk 5 foot without smell that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blow right into the window all day and all night .
great sandwich , great price
I use to go here almost every day since I work in the neighbourhood and love they turkey and meatball sandwich .
Chicken salad salad be great too .
well of all , the staff be quick on they foot and even with long line , usually serve you in 5 minute or less .
for the quality , the price ( $ 4 - $ 6 ) have to be the good in town .
the staff get to know regular and do they job very well .
tourist like the other reviewer might not appreciate they efficiency or quality , but I certainly do .
this _ a TGIF or Cafe , _ a lunch sandwich place and a good one at that .
rate a church ?
might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light .
_ a bloody church , for chrissake !
big , grey and imposing .
go there on Christian holiday for a bit of churchy grandeur .
the pastor at this church be cool , I meet he after some holiday service .
he have a robe that be make back in the '60 .
God be pleased with that one !
_ historical for Sf , so when you aunt come for a visit , take she there .
great for the kiddie - they love the labyrinth ( _ forget to tell they _ really a ' pagan ' thing ! ) .
stop by at least once or _ go to heck !
ok but just because we were on a tight budget .
I and my dad be in NJ for a KC Chief ( my home team ) versus the NY Jet and for game 4 of the World Series .
_ a Red Sox fan so I be glad that the Phillies win .
the Knight Inn be small very small . I mean 1 room in every room ! it be cozy a little and a small tv .
I mean a 2 day stay be a ok stay even though the manager look like he be Chinese and that we only sleep and go out from 8 to 7 to see New York .
but since we almost just sleep there I _ give that good of a review
it be a Saturday and my spring be broken ...
I google garage door repair in Woodinville and find NDI - Johnette answer the phone and be oh - so pleasant and helpful !
she sort of apologize for Dan take the day off to go ski - but he could do the repair on Sunday !
I say great and Dan arrive on time at 10 am to make the repair .
I enjoy speak with Dan , and learn more about how the spring be size for this door .
the repair go quickly and the price be extremely fair .
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbor .
thanks Dan and Johnette for you responsiveness and professional service .
Roger M. , Woodinville
I _ send my dog there .
I have a conversation with the woman run this place in April 2010 .
she basically say if the child get off the bus _ pay to enter she building she be go to let they wander around the street .
wow , really ?
with all the child predator out there , a busy road , car speed by ...... and you be go to let some 4 / 5 year old wander around cause _ money hungry ?
real Christian of you !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
whether they pay I or not , if they parent get into a accident , stuck in traffic , etc. the last thing I would do be let a child get rape because I _ pay .
excellent service
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but I go to the Garment District for they service .
previous reviewer say they be pushy and I can understand that , but I find the staff more helpful than anything else .
Tiffany be fabulous !
I come in for alteration ( free , by the way ) and tell she about a stain I have on my new leather purse .
she immediately go to the back , bring out leather cleaner and clean my purse on the spot .
I _ even buy the bag there !
huge selection and , great suggestion from the staff and they refer you to reliable place if they _ have what you need .
we be expect a great experience , when we receive a friendly greeting by the host .
the atmosphere be nice and very clean .
the menu have plenty of option even for picky eater .
the service be ok , we waitress keep forget we drink even though we remind she several time .
to start we try the guacamole and salsa verde , it be completely flavorless .
we should have leave then .
we order we meal anyway , chimichanga , jalapeno burrito , and quesadilla .
everything be bland , completely void of any spice or flavor .
we have never have Mexican food this bad , it be just simply gross .
hopefully they spice thing up or they _ be in business long .
I recommend La Hacienda
might try again
pro : * Jill , the owner , be very nice and really care about she feedback * pretty nice atmosphere * great dessert * not you typical veggie selection , I like !
_ know where else you can find purple hull pea and some of the other side .
con : * server _ very pleasant * pretty small portion on the blacken catfish * overcook food * time , take about 25 minute from ordering to eating .
half the table and bar be empty by this point .
other thought : will try this place again .
there must be a reason so many people like it there .
they club sandwich look tasty , maybe _ change my mind .... and a different server .
very professional / very helpful
the people at Fidelity Leasing be very friendly and helpful .
I be look for a car but do not really know what I want and they be very helpful and take the time to first figure out what my need be and show I various option to meet that need .
they seem more interested in help I find the right car rather than just make a sale .
my experience with they be great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .
after find the car I want they take the time to go over each step and make it as painless as possible .
from start to finish they be top notch .
I would highly recommend call this people up for you next car .
this insurance co. be a joke !!!
they have absolutely no communication skill whatsoever .
if you _ mind be rob , cheat or lie to then this be the company for you .
they will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .
they make up excuse in hope to confuse they policy holder with misinformation .
as a example they take payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan premium for a yearly policy and cancel the contract for the remainder of the policy for reason they state be not receive information on other license driver in the household ?
I personally provide the request on four separate occasion and they claim there be a glitch in they system ?
Ifa be a acronym for _ a fucking asshole !!!
fantastic service !
I have be here a few time for oil change and just get my tire , alignment and state inspection do yesterday .
I shop it around and they be extremely competitive in pricing and also add nitrogen to my tire which should extend the life and get I good gas mileage .
it also come with free balance and rotation for the life of the tire !
what make it perfect be that they offer transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .
great service , great pricing and super convenient !
I also do not feel like they try to sell I a bunch of service that I do not need .
love my home at Creekside
I move to Creekside Apartment in August 2008 with a 6 - month lease and have just extend it for another 13 month !
the management from Julie and Janice to the work staff , esp. Edwin , be just wonderful .
they have be extremely helpful whenever I have ask for help .
although the apartment be face Stokes Street and close to the Bascom Light Rail , the location be surprisingly quiet .
I have never have any problem with loud neighbor or concern about safety .
the apartment be within walking distance to Trader _ , Whole Foods , and other store .
the well - equip , clean gym be a plus !
great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose !
I interview several contractor for a kitchen remodel .
Liberty construction show up and _ two guy ... all I get be 100 % sale pitch " _ the good ... _ number 50 so we must be do something right ... look at all this certificate that say _ great " .
not once do I feel listen to like they actually care about what I want , all they be interested in be I sign a contract right then and there .
very high pressured sale and with the review of many other bad service .
_ glad I trust my gut and _ get suck into do business with they .
find someone you trust that actually hear you and want to do the job right .
_ waste you time or money !
I take my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I think it be rubbish and overpriced .
even take into account the fact that my 3 year old want to run most of the way round , it take we just over one hour start to finish .
if you have be to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .
if you be really desperate for something to pass the time and be willing to shell out the good part of £ 30 for 2 two people then go for it .
( for some reason _ not let I rate it one star - it be not rate 5 by I ! )
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough .
I have a severe phobia of attend the dentist until I meet and be treat by Dr Nelson .
he instantaneously put I at ease and he ongoing treatment have be absolutely pain free .
my previous apprehension have be dismiss and I no long have a sinking feeling when my next appointment be due !
in addition to the core treatment , Dr Nelson have impress I further with he concern and interest in the well - being of he patient - he dental work underpin by a strong duty of care to every patient .
he be always prepared to go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort be deal with immediately -
Pam Gillies
good salsa ( hehehe )
after my tree be clean up , they give I a jar of salsa .
the owner warn I that it be the good salsa I would ever have , and he be right .
no joke !
I hate to say check they out just for the salsa , but James , I need another jar badly :) all kidding aside , they be a very good company , I have a hard time give any service biz a 5 star review but they come close .
very affordable ( _ call it cheap ) and they trimmer be quick and courteous when I get home from work .
and the salsa , be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chip around , you will need they .....
Dr. Mann kill we pet
yea , Dr. Mann _ so great .
we take we beloved kitty to he and it come back dead .
we live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happen and we bring it up at some neighborhood gathering we discover that several people from this neighborhood alone have pet go to Dr. Mann for surgical procedure and come back dead .
if you take he here for shot , no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again .
oh , they also charge I for the procedure ( $ 250 ) and have the audacity to charge I a $ 25 ' disposal ' fee .
they actually itemize it as a disposal fee .
avoid at all cost .
one of the bad place
this place and its sister store Peking Garden be the bad place to order from .
the food be horrible not cook like it should be , they get the order wrong on a number of occasion , and once forget about my order .
I have to call back up there two hour late and the lady ( who claim to be a manager ) say my food be on the way , and she _ offer to compensate I in any kind of way .
I wait another 30 minute before receive my food and it be cold .
in my opinion this place should be shut down by the health inspector , and anyone who be satisfied with they service and food have never eat at a real Asian restaurant .
go downhill since change in ownership
sigh .
I use to love this place .
but now that they be part of a chain , service have slip .
I be wait long at BNA for my pickup and last time I park with they , they lose my car key .
lucky I have a spare with I !
to date they have not make good by either find the key or pay for a new one .
( this new car key be expensive to copy , you _ just go to WalMart . )
go to the website for coupon and join the club - you can get free parking .
however , with BNA offer one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility , it may be cheap to park at BNA .
wife and I attempt to adopt a dog and be nothing but frustrating .
we arrive Sunday at about 230 and find a do we really like .
we be tell that we _ today because they be close soon .
I call the next morning to let they know my wife would be drive in .
they give I the run around and miss paperwork only to call back to tell I someone else want she and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .
I work 2 hour away but offer my card over the phone .
they refuse .
terrible communication as well .
at one point they tell I the dog have be fix , the next day it _ .
huge amount of time waste time and elevate blood pressure .
college be a joke and the salon be a joke !
go to the school here overpriced _ !!!!!!
you do not learn the thing you be promise .
you have to bring in you own model and they have to pay for you to use they if you _ then you can graduate !
go back after graduate _ tell you get a discount on service nope you _ .
staff be undereducated _ .
go there you learn the school do not care about the service give just about the money .
overpriced _ for student to learn !
beware of the nail program you be not teach to use a nail drill at all you learn the old fashioned way of do nail you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!
beware !
you can fool people
this store be proof that you can fool people with good advertising .
they convince lot of people that they be a great store , when in fact they be a very average place at well , they be just another big box store like the other .
they offer sale that _ really sale , mislabel item that make the item sound like a good deal when it _ , a bad attitude about return item , and on and on .
with high than average price to boot !
so _ get take in , keep you eye open if you choose to shop here .
on the other hand , the Richmond Ukrops chain be know for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .
never again
_ go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be ask to leave all in a matter of 20 minute .
you _ even have time to read the entire menu before be ask to order and if you ask for more time you server will wait at the table .
this be the only place I have ever eat and be tell to leave because other people be wait .
I be tell to take my coffee to go if I want to finish it .
oh , and they liquor license be expired so no bloody mary or mimosa .
plus the drink be self service , have fun try to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get you coffee , juice or water .
go next door to the Ball Square Cafe instead .
I guess you get what you pay for .
I try to stay here for a few night with my girlfriend , so we ask for a single queen bed .
we get there , and we be treat to the free " upgrade " of a room with two double bed .
since they consider this a upgrade , they let they other room fill up and would not change we room .
then we get put in a room with a huge gap under the door .... right next to the ice machine .
we could hear every single thing that happen outside like it be inside we room .
when I finally find someone at the desk who could speak English , they move we room , but we still do not receive the single queen we have " reserve "
I be thoroughly impressed !
I have a problem with the tile in my bathroom come apart .
I call a few different business in the area to get estimate , they _ the cheap I find but very reasonable .
the good part be I get my whole bathroom remodel for about the same price the other company be quote just to fix the shower tile and fixture .
they have the work done in about half the time quote which make I and my wife extremely happy .
we have have nothing but compliment on we bathroom when guest come over - who would have guess that one ?
very nice work and friendly guy too .
good money _ spend on remodeling ever .
I highly recommend any one consider home repair to give this guy a call .
new training centre be excellent
the Award Dance Centre have move from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull .
the new Centre have 4 studio plan and now boast the large single dance floor area in Kingston upon Hull .
the class cover all age and skill range , with ballroom , latin , sequence , street , disco , line dancing , ballet , tap & jazz .
we have attend Award _ Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we be teach ballroom and latin as well as the fun fill social dance evening hold every Saturday evening ....
it be not really possible to score this school too highly , we would give it 12 out of 10 and 5 star across the board Steve & Anne
I purchase a 2 - year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership .
the night I drive back home , I find that the rear window have some leakage .
( you can hear the wind while drive on highway .
very likely it need a new window seal ) .
I admit that I should have pay attention to this kind of little thing while test drive .
( but this be a certified car from a dealer . )
so I bring the car back the second day .
they tell I that this be not under warranty and want to charge I $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !
who know how much they want I to pay to fix this thing .
I walk away .
so my advice be that never trust this dealer .
stay away as far as possible .
perfect practice
after I have choose the Fountain Dental Practice they provide a slick and professional service from start to finish .
everyone be friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , put I at my ease and explain the whole process , both initially and then as we go along .
surgery visit timing be always make to suit I and not they and they give I the feeling that I matter and be important to they .
the surgery itself be slick , modern and very relaxed and I always feel that I be in capable hand .
my dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols be clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she do and the reputation she have establish .
everyone be so helpful that I _ wait to go back .....
Peter
wonderful service for large group
I have my wedding luncheon at this _ restaurant , and it be one of the good choice that I make .
it be a great deal -- we pay a certain amount per person , and my husband and I choose 4 type of pizza and the server bring out as much as we want .
we be also serve salad and soda .
we have a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything be serve quickly and we all have a wonderful time .
even though we be only suppose to have that specific type of pizza , when guest ask for a different type , it be bring out with no charge to we !
I really appreciate _ for make that special day even good with they wonderful food and service .
wonderful
I go to ohm after read some of the review .
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .
I decide it be time to grow up and make a appointment .
Sierra be my stylist and I love what she do .
I have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style .
it be the first time I have leave a salon with my hair curly .
usually they blow dry it out and I have to wait until I wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .
but she do a fabulous job let I know what she be do at all time and style my hair in a way I could do it at home .
it _ completely impossible !!!!
I be definitely go back
after recently relocate to South Bend , we be look for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New _ Eve dinner .
we be disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal , and accessibility to the Jazz Club .
the meal be extremely overpriced and lack flavor , especially for be a special NYE menu .
the limited menu have few appetizing option and the NYE special package be way overpriced .
after we meal , we server find we a table in the jazz club where we be inform it would be another $ 10 / person to stay and listen to the band , despite the fact we have just finish a dinner there and be intend to enjoy they drink list .
this be a less than impressive experience at _ .
run for the hill ... _ be much good off !
one night be too much .
first room have use tissue next to the bed and I request it be rectify .
I be then move to another room around the back where the room be dirty , the shower be dirty with other _ hair in it , the toilet seat be peel and rough and the bathroom be full of mould .
I call reception to ask if they know the state the room be in and be tell " this be a Day Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hang up on I .
to warn you to stay away from this place just _ enough .
there be not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warn .
grocery and daily need store
before use FusionRetail before install FusionRetail store be run on a dos base software .
we be have a major problem in maintain cash .
be a grocery shop , maintain 5000 different product be a challenging job .
manage pos counter without barcoding be really a tough time .
how FusionRetail have overcome this issue ?
FusionRetail help we to maintain the store in a organised way .
usage of product barcode and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transaction like sale , purchase and return be never easy before .
how long do it take to train new people at work ?
billing take 15 minute and back office job take 1 _ training how fast you support query get answer ?
over telephone , immediate .
on call , it take a day to get we issue resolve .
_ wait to go back !!!
this be by far the good b&b that we have ever stay at !
we be in Santa Fe for a special event and we host rent out the El Paradero for all they guest to stay at .
we could not have be more welcome , more comfortable or more well feed .
the weekend be perfect in every way , in large part to Sue and she great staff .
everyone be so friendly and really go out of they way to make sure everything go well .
we can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great b&b ... especially my 4 year old , who make friend with Ms. Sue and all the lady , and have talk about they since we leave !
we would highly recommend the El Paradero on you next trip to Santa Fe !
dissatisfied customer , I go through Kitchen Aid and use one of they recommend vendor .
A&E come out , charge $ 129 fee just to walk in the door .
I need a part for my appliance , the cost be very high so I say never mind , pay the fee and call a local business for a second quote .
the second vendor charge $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charge ) to come and apply that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E do not ) .
they quote come in at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part .
seem to I like A&E charge way more than necessary !
very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well , I think that they pre-screen they vendor for price and quality of work , obviously they do not !
Lovely Nails on Cayuga St. in Lewiston , NY
first let I start out by say , that I have have very nice pedicure at Lovely Nails on Military Road .
I be very excited that a salon be open in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .
I be in two week ago and have the bad pedicure that I have have in my life .
there be four of we and I be take first by a gentleman .
I put my foot in the water and it be cool .
he do warm it up .
he also hurt my toe while push my cuticle back .
if the pedicure last 20 min. , that be a stretch .
the other lady have a similar experience , both have nail polish on a couple of toe .
none of we will be use they service again , which be a shame .
good service - limited result
Andrew be helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .
he be willing to talk to I about my specific issue and develop a plan of action .
the office be share with a foot doctor and _ very sterile and medical feel , which I like .
the down side be that sometimes there be a lot of noise in the hallway from other patient / doctor .
I work with Andrew for 2 month and do acupuncture and herb .
the session be nice and I feel relaxed after they but do not notice any change with my cycle .
I know it can take _ for result and _ expect a miracle , but after 2 month I feel like it be not entirely worth the cost / time .
( I be also a little suspicious of all this glow review ... )
friendly , clean and excellent location
the staff be very helpful , and give we good advice on day and night time activity .
common room be comfortable and clean , very good room to read or relax . -
a great breakfast which be include every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissant .
comfortable and clean bed , a bit noisy when people be come in late from a night out , but we _ mind too much as we be also just come in from a night out !
the location be really stellar !
it be next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which be excellent for shopping .
it be close to bus line for Opera Plaza , Gallery Lafayette , and the famous flea market .
we really enjoy we stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again .
Just Auto thank you !
be fast and easy , just have we car return this morning , I would recommend this mobile mechanic for sure .
they certainly know what they be do .
the mechanic come to we place and sort out we _ problem , he explain the problem and be very up front and honest , it be tow to the workshop as the gearbox be not work ( he explain it well ) .
they phone the same day , confirm it be the gearbox quote I the job , I give the go ahead .
now my _ gear and brake have never run so well ... ever _ like drive a new car .
so yes , I _ hesitate in recommend the team at Just Auto for easy professional car repair , thank you Just Auto for you help .
I stop in today at Yards Brewery .
I must say , I be impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I like that you could see the brewery right through the glass !
I have a sampler of ipa , Brawler , Love Stout & esa .
all be awesome , & I have a dogwood grill cheese which be enjoyable with the fine beer .
after my sampler & sandwich , I ask for a pint of they Nitrogen Love Stout , I must say I be impressed , with the great taste & I be a Guinness lover so come from I , I think this be good , _ less dry & smooth !
if you be in Philly you have to come check this place out !
the only negative I have about this place be the parking !
I leave with a case of BRAWLER !!!! !
oil change disaster
my wife have take she '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change .
a couple day after the oil change , the engine run rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .
turn out the engine have no oil , and when oil be put in , it would just run out of the filter .
there could have ( hopefully _ have ) major damage to the engine .
all of this start after they oil change .
once they realize they mistake they send a mechanic and tow truck to my _ work and tow it back to fix it .
I would not recommend this shop for anything , not even something as simple as a oil change .
plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while do it .
liar , negative star !
take my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy .
the first time they claim to get reasonable mpg .
however , they would never drive the car with I in it to prove they finding .
I wonder if they be go down a hill !
they tell I to bring it back after 5000 mile .
I bring it back with 9000 mile .
they " finish " the work and tell I the car be ready .
I find out they do not even drive the car , state they look at it before .
they still would not drive the car with I to show they mpg number .
they also claim not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a separate issue ) , but when I drive the car home I have the same symptom .
I will never purchase another vehicle from Vic Canever .
great job
I want to say that Mike do a great job for we family in we time of need .
both my grandparent pass away 4 month apart and Mike be very understanding .
it be a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike take the time to greet each and every one one of we .
he be very professional in he position as a director and yet he still make time to be compassionate for what we be all go through .
_ sure _ not every day that a funeral director see the same family in such a short time .
my grandfather pass away silently in he sleep , and my grandmother pass away after a short struggle with cancer .
both my grandparent look as natural as could be expect .
thank you Mike for all you help professionally and personally .
the Peterson family
poor service
if you like the drama describe in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .
we sign we name in about 6:00 pm .
there be 3 name before we .
the greeter say there be about 15 minute waiting .
however , we wait and wait and in the meantime _ , see 4 group of people simply just parade in without sign they name .
this sign in policy be post by the restaurant " no reservation , sign you name here " .
I have to ask the greeter , he explain he reason with broken English .
I could not understand any he reason .
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .
my conclusion be that you should only go there if you want to wait at least a hour and see all kind other people be seat before you .
instructor never show up !
January 15th -- we be sign up for _ 2 pm class " beginning yoga with Brittany . "
we even arrive 10 minute early as the website suggest .
the instructor do not show up !
we wait until 2:25 pm and then leave .
there be 2 in we group , and a 3rd person be also in the parking lot wait for this class .
well , not much I can say except _ very disappointed with this experience .
this be we first visit to you studio .
in _ instant world , _ no reason for the instructor not to even have give we a phone call or e-mail if she be go to be late .
as a yoga studio , _ sure _ all aware that all action generate karma .
and sometimes karma can manifest itself on a bad review on Google .
fine ??
really ??
I beg to differ .
this place be marginal at well .
not very welcoming and focus mostly on keep little kid entertained .
I be not impressed , and quite frustrated at they lack of rating for they course .
I understand not want to put label like 5.10 on a indoor course , because yes , it be not the same , but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course to another be nice when you be a intermediate climber look to improve .
I _ want to waste my time on route set for child , but I _ want to take on something I _ handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .
rate the route , with understandable marking and a more detailed system than easy , moderate , and hard .
again , a great outing for the kid , a frustration for a out of town climber .
good dj in town !
wow !
this guy be the good .
they be thorough , high class , and go above and beyond .
we never have to worry about a thing , and they lead the way the whole time .
they ask we thing that we would have never have think of , and take extra time to meet with we when we need it before the wedding .
have a team be the good because they keep the flow of the wedding go the whole time !
they may look young but _ let that fool you , as they knowledge of music far surpass what we expect .
I be a music junkie that grow up in the 80' , and my dad work for a record label in the 1960' .
so we _ expect they to even know some of the request that we ask that night .
they just really know they stuff !
never fear go to the dentist again !
_ 61 year old and have dental problem my entire life .
by the age of 24 I stop go to the dentist .
my fear and discomfort from dental work scare I !
it take all the courage I could muster to make a appointment .
at the front door of he office , I nearly turn around .
I consider just leave after go inside and nearly do .
Doctor Gonzales and he entire staff be the most professional people I have ever deal with .
they make I feel confident in what they would do , and treat I like a member of they own family .
I never feel pain or discomfort .
the ability to smile and eat again can only be describe as a whole new lease on life .
thank you Doctor Gonzales , Doctor Stout , Eva Marie and the entire staff !
Rocky M. Lange retired coordinator , Clark County School District
horrible service and food
not only be this place too expensive for what it be , _ horrible !
in the past , I get a steak and there be more fat and rough piece than there be good steak ( and this be the sirloin ! ) , the side be drench with butter and the salad be a little on the brown side .
today we go for a party ( during lunch , so the place be empty ) with about 25 other people .
it take over 1.5 hour for we food to come out and by that time my 8 month old have it !
do it seriously take that long for a soup and salad ?
I be a waitress for year and a key rule be to serve customer with small child before other , as I be the last to get my food .
I would not recommend have a party here or even go here .
Texas Roadhouse be way good !!
spay and neuter service .
I have no doubt that the rescue be wonderful .
but I have my cat spay through they reduce / free spay and neuter program and the vet they send we to be first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 day late we have to bring they to we normal vet because the vet at the place in wisconsin do a crappy job and they get infection .
my vet even say it be not my fault it be the vet that do the surgery , so I would not recommend get that program unless you have a extra hundred dollar or so for antibiotic and a vet visit .
_ think they would do a good job but they _ care unless they be get pay full price .
which be so dumb .
not to mention the fact that they give we we cat back not even 30 minute after they be out from surgery .
billing issue ...
I have a routine surgery for a ingrown toenail .
my insurance company , Blue Cross / Blue Shield pay the fee and everything be fine .
then I get a bill for $ 483.00 .
the _ office say that payment have be " reverse " .
Blue cross have no record of a reversal .
the office refuse my request to see what they get from BC / BS .
they eventually turn it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .
I eventually decide to just pay the balance even though the doctor have already be pay , but now the collection agency be try to say another reversal of $ 160.00 have come through .
it be a ingrown toenail .
how much could it possibly cost ?
not only be I be bilk for money I do not owe , the office staff be rude to boot .
I think this office have some serious billing practice issue !
we have be bless to find Elite Flyer online and would not use anyone else to handle we postcard , poster , etc .
we be look for a company with decent rate as we company be just get start .
they have the good rate and great customer service .
on one order , we need it rush and ship to a different state .
they do that with no problem .
I also appreciate they honesty .
I send a graphic that would have be distort if print as it be .
they call and work with I to fix it so that it would look perfect .
they recently surprise I a large order .
I order 1000 postcard , we normally order 5000 or more .
because they have room to do 5000 , they create the large amount , and ship they early .
I recommend this company to anyone and everyone that need great work do at a reasonable rate !
they have a customer for life in we !
shyster
I make the mistake of buy from this thief .
I pay 2 k cash for a truck with a blow motor .
they so call mechanic say the engine be good and " there be nothing mechanically wrong with this truck " .
well I think a blow engine fall under the category of mechanics right ?
anyway they jimmy rig it so I could drive it home .
the next day I take it to 2 auto shop and they both tell I the same thing , engine be junk .
I call and get the same runaround on hold and no-one call you back .
from a moral standpoint , you guy be really _ take 2000 buck from someone that need that truck to work and support he family when you know _ just a piece of scrap metal ?
if it last 1 month I could suck it up but 1 day ?
grimy work you guy do .
buy you kid something nice with my 2 k buck .
good stationery store in Bethesda
Papeluna , a cute Mom / Pop custom printing and paper store , just open a few day ago .
it be right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it be nestle in between Subway Sandwich and _ .
I pop in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .
_ a adorable little store fill with lot of stationery goodness .
card , wrapping paper , paper , and a area to sit down and talk with someone to design you own invitation or for whatever else you custom printing need may be .
I give the woman I speak with today a " _ be yelp ! " card to let she know that Yelp may be a good tool for help spread the word about Papeluna .
I end up buy a birthday card and would probably come back for more .
printing , printing , copy , printing , copy , printing ,
watch out for you wallet
watch out for you wallet !
this company be overpriced for they service .
they pride themselves on be a event and team building company for corporate client but you well believe they be go to mark you up on that feel good premise .
on a recent event quote that I have do , they come in thousand of dollar over they local competition .
the crazy part be that they _ even base locally at the city _ in - they just have ' team ' in area through the country .
_ speak to vendor who be use by they who have nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact be afraid to quote event against they even though they openly admit that they feel Canadian Outback be price they entertainment out of the market and do more to hurt they business than help they .
be warn - _ take you for everything they can .
believe I .
this be the premier university in Virginia .
it be also the large .
with a Pizza Hut , IHOP , 3 Starbucks , _ , Panera , and Chipotle on campus alone , VCU have some of the good eating option for student .
VCU have the # 1 art school in America , and excel in healthcare and medical schooling .
the Ram , the VCU sport team , also make the NCAA final 4 this year , too !
VCU also offer high - rise living for student and professor , and the historic yet fix - up house in the fan be also available to student , professor , or even people want to live in a safe , viable community .
VCU be also minute from downtown Richmond , Canal Walk , Carytown , Stony Point , Short Pump , and the VCU Medical Center .
it be the good university in Virginia and continuously receive rave review every year .
the U of R be also recommend , too !
_ a nightmare !
_ go !
my boyfriend and I be wake up in the middle of the night at we campsite by drunken kid _ arrive around 1:00 am and be drink at the spring .
when we complain to the management ( as we be instruct to do if there be any problem ) , nothing happen !
then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guest , ask to speak to the owner , he refuse to do so .
not only that , but he tell we , via he manager , that it be we responsibility to get up a second time in the middle of the night and call the night staff if the problem continue , even though he manager do nothing the first time to stop the kid .
Orr be not relaxing , _ not a safe space , and the owner be awful .
to add insult to injury , he refuse to refund we money .
_ go !
FHS be a good high school -- class / of 1998
I enjoy my time at Franklin High School .
we have relatively good facility at the time -- decent science lab , with multiple hood and access to good equipment ; nice gymnasium , and a well - fund music department ( I be in the guitar ensemble ) .
now , of course , _ a new building , with presumably good facility .
all to the good .
for that who care , a good proportion of the my class go on to 4 - year college , many of they rank in the top 50 of US News .
if I remember , student go to Dartmouth , U. Penn , Duke , BU , William and Mary , Vassar , Howard , and Carnegie Mellon , among other .
many student go to Rutgers , include they top - rank pharmacy program .
the point be -- FHS give you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .
absolutely the good little motel on the coast !
_ stay at this fabulous little motel two year run , and I have to say _ one of the good lodging experience _ ever have on the coast ... and _ even compare it to the big resort _ stay at !
a large group of my friend and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always be five - star .
the room be so clean , the manager / owner be the nice people , the place feel so homey , and the location and grounds be beautiful .
_ a restaurant nearby ( walking distance ) with a great breakfast , and a market across the street .
the motel be very well maintain , and the manager be so accommodating , _ kind of like visit family each year ! ;-)
I honestly _ rave enough about this place ... _ really a hidden gem worth check out !
my favorite Cuban cafe in Orlando
I have be eat Cuban for a long time , sandwich mainly along with other dish ..
I love Cuban coffee , colada ... mmmm anyways I find this place and _ stop go there , I stop in at least once a week and anytime _ in the area for a Cuban coffee or snack .
the place be chill and comfortable .
they _ speak the good English but enough to get by .
they bake bread fresh daily , they _ press they sandwich which be the way I like it , and the meat be always fresh .
they have a great lunch special with you choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black bean and fry plantain .
and they breakfast be awesome !!
I _ describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastry and the omelet be to die for .
stop in and have a bite you _ regret it .
a slice of heaven in winter park off forsyth !
highly recommend .
I have be go to Warner Family for a number of year and would highly recommend it to anyone .
_ read some of the review below and would like to state that yes , like any other _ office there be sometimes a wait ( depend on what other patient be be see for ) and some of the test and procedure that be run can be costly ( just like they would be for any other medical test elsewhere if you do not have insurance ) ...
I have see several of the provider from the office and have not once be show anything but care and consideration .
I _ speak for they but any test or appointment they recommend be probably in the good interest of we ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .
I personally have have wonderful service and if _ truly look for a family practice ... Warner Family be the place for you .
not what I expect !
we read the good review before go and have high hope .. but to we dismay it _ turn out that way !
~ it take over 40 minute to be take to we table , once there it take another 20 minute to get we order and a further 45 minute till we starter land on we table .
very frustrating for a restaurant that have 1 rosette and be supposedly renowned for the service ... hmm there be no canape' or amuse to keep we occupied , once we complain about the wait they take we something to nibble on but that take we get out we chair and wonder round to do that and it be impossible to get _ attention .
scallop be overcooked and the foie gras be cold but the rest of the food be lovely .
on top of that though they try to charge we service charge just to rub it in ....
_ go back as there be a lot of place a lot good and cheap .
nice selection , very clean , friendly staff !
Hot Iron have become a favorite of we family .
everyone can get the signature dish with ingredient and spice that they want and have the fun of watch it cook .
the staff be very friendly and conscientious .
they always ask if you have meat in you dish , ( for vegetarian like I ) , they scrub a area of the grill and use separate utensil to cook .
they _ just dump you ingredient on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hot part of the grill and still manage to keep the veggy from turn to mush .
the selection of meat , veggy and sauce be awesome too !
every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keep thing interesting .
meat be keep very cold , seafood smell fresh and the serving bar be very clean .
price be reasonable , ( _ meal be around 4.99 ) and Wednesday they have discount dinner price , I believe .
great cookie , cake , and customer service
it be my birthday and I have a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-make in a convenience store , but the problem be it be the day before _ and when many bakery turn I down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , Fiona step up to the plate and be able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .
not only do it taste wonderful , but the texture be unbelievable , the frosting _ overly sweet to overpower _ the cake , and the cake itself be just amazingly soft , and fluffy , and just perfect overall .
although _ have to drive a little out of my way to go there , _ gladly do it know that since _ be astounding to I once before that _ always be that way !
( also she have a really great website !
and we buy a few cookie there too , they be fantastic as well ! )
she deserve many 5 star review !!
food craving gone and weight loss at acupuncture doctor
I be a college student .
before treatment , my food craving be " out of control " which cause I to be stress out .
I experience a definite decrease in food craving ( about 50 % ) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment .
I actually lose 4 pound after my 1st treatment and 2 pound after my 2nd treatment .
I be amazed .
I be now more at peace and my food craving be about 99 % gone after only 3 treatment .
before come to acupuncture doctor I be a big baby about needle and only come because my _ aunt recommend it .
it hurt very little , feel more like pressure than pain .
what I like most about Dr. Liau be that she be very caring .
she talk to you at each appointment .
I can tell she really care and want to help .
I be so glad to have find Dr. Liau .
now I feel more confident wear my bathing suit in the summer .
a asset to Richmond
for a long time , one big source of entertainment missing from the Richmond city limit be a first - run multiplex .
Bowtie have fill that role nicely .
the theatre be in a old brick warehouse , which be a block away from the Fly Squirrel stadium .
the owner of Bowtie manage to add something new while preserve what be already there .
the theatre have greatly improve the surround neighborhood .
_ plenty of parking , and _ never have a issue with audience member who _ stop talk or answer they cellphone .
well of all , there be no ad !!!! !
just preview and the main feature .
expect to pay full price , and the theatre themselves be on the small side .
but if you like go to the movie , you should love Bowtie .
the manager also play a classic movie on Sunday , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customer can get discount if they have a member card .
a great cinema in a great location .
thank you , Bowtie !
craft wonderland with history
my first visit be so fun yesterday .
I could have stay all day and not see all the thing .
I be do origami jewelry and find exactly the right thing for earring and get many other idea there too .
I buy a _ quilling set and like make the filigree form you can make and add to other craft .
the owner , Jean , have be there 31 year !
what a history .
she be a super sweet , lovable and well - inform woman with a great sense of humor .
I really enjoy meet she and happy to learn she come from Oklahoma and have the value of a solid no bs country girl .
this store be a real gem and have much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter .
by the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) mean something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mix bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kind of thing .
great name for a great store !
shop local !
Barbara Quimba 1/30/10
the 2010 Genesis be great !
I be a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis .
I have never see this car before until this lady at wal mart have it and she tell I she get it here and that everyone be so nice to she .
I ask she who she work with and she just tell I it be the sale manager .
I take the weekend off and come in and ask for the manager who be Jeff and he remember she right away even remember she dog , I be a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .
we get to talk and he get I set up and I test drive with Craig and I fall head over heel for this car all I keep say , " be I _ have it ! "
I think it would be out of my price range but they really work with I and now I _ be happy .
Jeff and Craig be really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer .
definitely go see they !
bait and switch , untrained worker
call the Bonanza store 2 week ago , before I rip out 350 sq ft of ceramic tile ... be tell I would need a " dual head concrete grinder " to remove thinset and make a nice " finish " look ( ready for concrete stain ) .
be quote $ 55 all inclusive of grinder insert , etc .
no problem , sound like _ do every day .
will look beautiful .
get the tile rip out , call today , now all the sudden this grinder _ leave a finish look and _ $ 125 plus around $ 75 for the insert .
I can rent another machine for like $ 60 that will give it a finish look .
so from $ 55 to $ 260 ?
be they serious ?
I feel like they _ tell I the pitfall before I pull out this tile and now that I have no other option they want 5 time the price ?
either this people _ know anything about what they be rent , or bad - they be bait and switch .
one suspect that early reviewer work for another laundry .
outside of parking be at a premium , especially on discount day , the Laundry Tub be not filthy and _ no small than any of a dozen laundromat _ be in .
yes , there be big , but big _ necessarily good .
I avail myself of the wash and fold service , take just about a _ worth of dirty clothes in and get back neatly fold , clean clothes in clear plastic bag ( _ originally bring they in , in six large yellow garbage bag ) .
the cost be certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of the Laundry Tub in the future .
_ hurt any that they know my name by my second visit and greet I warmly then and on my third visit .
whereas my answer to the question " where do you get you laundry do ? " use to be , " at the checkout line at WalMart , " I can honestly say the answer now be , " at the Laundry Tub . "
thank you !
I recently take a rescue puppy to this clinic and I be shocked at how well Romeo and my family be treat .
they work around the clock to ensure that my puppy life be save .
we have to leave he at the vet for 3 day and I be tell to call for check up as often as I wish that no matter how many time I call I would not annoy they .
lol they be super friendly towards we and treat we like people not walk bag of cash .
in this day _ rare to find such wonderful people who care , not the kind of want to make cash .
I would strongly suggest you give they the chance to prove to you that not all people in this world be evil !
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animal .
I live nearly two hour away and yet I will still make the drive to see they !
in fact I look forward to take my animal to the vet simply because of how my animal and I be treat .
okay , _ the scoop .
_ a regular at the HH .
the food be excellent , the service be horrible .
I think _ still in the mindset from when it be only smoker sit around and drink ... not in any hurry .
in my experience the food have be excellent ( for the most part ) .
however , the bartender / waitress definitely need to be re-train ( if they ever have any to begin with ) and learn two thing : only chat with customer when other customer be not impatiently wait and to look around more often to see if people be wait .
in some case the result be because of understaffing , in some case the staff just _ care / know well .
they must also get something to keep take - out warm , so _ not room temperature at well when you get it home .
you just have to know what _ get into when you go .
nice local pub , excellent food ( especially wing ) , and _ go if you have a limited amount of time .
trust the Midas touch
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicle , I have be go there for year & would never go anywhere else !
the staff be very personable & actually care about the customer safety rather than take they money .
this be however a very busy shop but there be appointment available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner .
I look at some of this other comment & laugh because people think that the world revolve around they !
like the girl with the fuse problem ...
Midas have the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they tell you it be electrical then indeed _ _ electrical !
maybe you should understand how the world work & realize you be just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .
I will continue go to Dave at Midas because he be one of the most honest business owner in this town !
when have you car work on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas be truly someone you can trust !
we decide to try this place last night because we notice that it have some interesting thing on the menu aside from the usual roll -- live scallop sashimi , duck breast nigiri with foie gras , panko mussel -- but none of this be particularly great or worth the sticker price .
additionally we try the Logan Circle roll , spicy crab and tuna roll , and sweet potato tempura roll ( $ 15 , $ 10 , and $ 3.75 respectively ) .
the sweet potato tempura roll be actually a great surprise : cheap and delicious , the only thing we try that I would say be well worth it and a great value ( and I never get vegetarian roll ) .
the other roll _ at all special , especially give they pricing .
the bottom line be that the food _ great and be relatively high - priced .
the service be solicitous , the atmosphere be nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen tv play football .
but _ go elsewhere unless the price be cut .
_ just not worth it .
_ expect sleep or courtesy
I be book for 2 night at this hotel in October 2007 .
at 3:15 am on night # 2 , the fire alarm and strobe light activate in my room .
this be not household type alarm .
when they sound off , it be a true audio / visual experience .
I call the front desk and get no answer .
after check for sign of fire or smoke and see none , I decide to just pack up and leave .
the desk agent actually argue with I , claim that no such alarm have go off ( as if I would make that up ? ) .
he finally admit that only the 4 ada room alarm have sound , so only 4 guest be affect ( no big deal to he ) .
this little drip offer no apology whatsoever , and even refuse to give I the name of the manager until I press he for it 3 time .
this hotel be adequate enough , but there be a obvious problem with the staff and management .
do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .
poor service , lack of passion : do not go
I begin see Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have see a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of service .
the poor quality start at the receptionist desk , where the staff be very impatient and lack the efficiency I once love about the office .
it take they nearly two month to complete a simple task , and countless call from my part due to they lack of response and passion ( not that _ a requirement for the job , but it help to at least pretend to be helpful ) .
also , I be promise to have my test result email to I , but it never happen , and after a few attempt to get Dr. Romanick on the phone to brief I on my condition , I finally give up and go to a different doctor .
please do not go there if _ professional , friendly , diligent medical service _ look for .
save yourself the trouble , money and time and visit a more caring facility / doctor .
the moving company be actually base in Brooklyn , but advertise all over NY / NJ , include Fort Lee .
when the guy arrive ( 2 hour late than agree ) they tell that you have to pay all the toll they pay come from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for they to drive back from you destination .
that be not in agreement either , but they really demand it .
and another $ 100 for wrap the furniture .
so total $ 212 just for start before any work start .
guess what , be not in the initial agreement as well .
I be move out from 2 bdr apartment and it take for 3 strong guy 6 hour to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .
the only reason _ give 3 star instead of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing be break .
so I still can recommend they but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially .
one more thing , they _ take any credit card or check .
you have to pay cash only before they start unload track on you destination .
bad apartment ever
we live here for 2 year , the first year or so be okay .
then , the more power they give to Linda , the bad the place get .
we be always have we water shut off , there be always people have party at the pool , even after it be suppose to be close .
the pool be suppose to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yell , play music and do who - know - what in the dark corner of the pool .
then , when we move out , we clean the apartment top to bottom , they come back and try to charge we for two cleaning fee ( and we never get we deposit back ) and past utility ( that be already pay , we have check number and record of this ) .
Linda be the rude person you will ever talk to and she stick up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice one that actually give a crap about respect other .
do not live here , you will regret it !
the bad experience ever !!!
I have work with Ted Jurek at Decor and You , and it start out as a decent experience .
he be refer to I by a friend , who _ have the good experience with Ted , but say that Ted be able to make up for he lack of preparedness at the end .
I figure I would give this company a chance .
however , after give a require $ 500.00 ( non refundable ) deposit before see any plan or idea , I be sorry I do .
we meet a couple of week late , Ted be late .
he bring fabric book , and picture of furniture only , which all come way over budget .
by the time we get to the budget I tell he I could work with , there be basically no design .
just curtain and a couple of accessory .
what be that ?????
this company be way too expensive with nothing to show for it .
please everyone .... take heed and _ get catch up in the hype about DECOR and YOU work with every budget ...
this be just a way for they to squirm they way into you precious pocket
horrible .
horrible .
when we walk in , the person behind desk say : " oh well , you must wait , I be in the middle of something . "
after a good few minute , he ask : " what do you want ? "
somewhere in between he rudeness he ask if we smoke .
I ask if this hotel have smoking room .
he immediately say " no , there be a $ 50 deposit now ! "
sure enough he charge it to the credit card .
when I inquire he rudely reply " in the morning when thing be check out _ get it back . "
I call customer service about it because the website specifically state that there be no other charge at the check - in .
I also mention to the reception person .
he respond " we have problem with ' people ' " .
imagine a hotel have problem with people .
I finally alert he to he rudeness .
he say _ have a long and bad day .
we have no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can .
_ stay there .
I come to find out the person be the hotel owner also .
my friend and I be to stay here for a girl night , catch up on we life evening .
we live within 20 mile of the hotel and want to get away from we responsibility for the night .
unfortunately my husband and I have to put we 13 year old lab down that morning and we be not expect this .
my friend call the hotel to cancel we room as soon as I call she .
they say that we be to be charge for this room regardless because we do not cancel within the 72 hour .
I call they back a few hour after put my Bodhi down and they still _ budge .
time be hard , I know , but they have no compassion .
I call 3 time to talk to a manager , never a call back .
I email 4 time , never a response .
in one of the email I attach the letter from the _ that express they sympathy , this hotel do nothing .
I even email Mackinaw Tourist and nothing .
I be sure this be a good place to stay from read the other review , but if something unexpected happen in you life , they will not care .
fantastic
ok I be a New Yorker who have be go to school in Oxford , England .
I think the UK be completely devoid of good NYC style pizza .
I think to get a decent pizza the only way be at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .
I think I would have to wait until I go home to NYC .
well then I go on a trip to Glasgow and be walk around .
I see this place and it look like the holy grail .
I know I have find the real deal , big pie , sell by the slice , with the pizza sit under the glass in the front .
they have crush red pepper flake and oregano .
so I order a slice .
it taste like I just fly back home .
I _ how they do it , but Scottish friend --- this be the real deal .
I congratulate this establishment for do the research on make NYC pizza because this Scot fucking nail it .
that be say , I _ know how they delivery service be .
they might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sound gimmicky to I .
good food , good wait staff , poor management
we visit on 7/26/08 for dinner we receive a gift certificate for the Mama _ on Greenfield Ave .
the food be good , and so be we waitress .
when it come time to pay the bill up front , they would not let I use any of the certificate for a tip ( which I have do with any other restaurant _ get a gift certificate for . )
I then ask if I could have money back in cash .
the person go to go check with the manager , who be sit at a table chat with she friend who be eat there .
she answer be short and manner rather rude .
sorry for interrupt I guess .
the cashier be also short , unapologetic and make I feel as I be waste she time .
there be no other option available ( I only bring my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she ring it up and apply it to the gift card before tell I about the tip policy .
I will not be visit Mama _ again .
there be other place with food just as good with management that value customer and employee much more .
dine at TEXAS ROADHOUSE
TEXAS ROADHOUSE have very good meal , that the meat come right off the bone .
it have very good price .
on a bad note the waiting area be not enjoyable or enough seat .
also , there should not be peanut all over the floor .
next , there should only be one person bring you you food .
_ not a big deal but I have to take my salad home because they forget to bring it .
I have to ask the girl who bring my food and she never come back to let I know .
I have to wait for my waitress .
when you first come in the hostess be not very friendly , there be just a bunch of worker stand there .
I be there on March 6th , 2009 .
I be also there on July 4th 2008 , when my _ BUFFALO wing come out with a fly on it .
the manager come over and say he be sorry and give a new batch of wing , he say we _ really do anything because the door be always open and close .
in my opinion should have just take off the price of the wing from the bill .
but everyone have they own way !!!!!!
mezza luna ftw !
they mezza luna be definitely good than the pizza roll .
_ like a pizza roll , but they just toss ham and cheese inside .
it seem like _ healthy too , but _ probably not .
also , you can call they ahead of time , and then go to pick up you food , or have it deliver ** .
that cut down on the wait time , cause you can do other stuff while _ wait .
it usually take 20 minute for a mezza luna , as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix .
they pizza be a little salty for I , but _ still good .
they do that whole thing where you sandwich the pepperoni between layer of cheese for + 32 delicious .
anyways , the mezza luna : you should try it .
it run you about 4 buck and it deal crush blow to hunger .
** edit : live on campus at Clarkson University , I have have food deliver before .
this be back between '05 and '09 and I _ remember how many time _ have it deliver .
perhaps they _ deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrant a pickup .
my 2004 x - type be get close to 100000 mile so it be time for a upgrade .
I send my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF .
Michael Chestney be very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggest I go check it out .
I go in late that afternoon and meet with Michael .
he show I the car I be interested in and we take a test drive .
I love the car so we begin negotiate my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .
the entire negotiation take about 20 minute .
fair give and take on both side until we agree on a deal that be within my parameter and be fair to both side .
10 minute of paperwork and I be the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF .
I have purchase over 15 vehicle ( car , rv , and boat ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Car of San Antonio be one of the good .
friendly , knowledgeable , and above all fair .
_ all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .
thanks for the great deal and the great car !
identity theft
myself and my _ identity be steal from the office staff .
we be tell by a detective and ask to check we credit for anything unusual .
luckily they catch the crook before they do one on we .
it be a black female that use to work in the office .
she steal the information and give it to another guy that do all the work .
the other guy be pull over one day and a cop see suspicious paper with name and social security number on it .
_ how they be catch .
they both go to jail and a new manager be put in charge of the apartment .
the apartment across from mine belong to a gang of hooker .
nobody live there .
a girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .
short time late the guy would leave , then the girl .
my apartment be usually quiet .
I live in one that do not face the parking lot .
parking space be just big enough for a Mini Cooper .
it suck have a suv .
if I find a spot , I _ fit in it .
gate work 30 % of the time at well .
bug be a small problem , nothing too bad .
the good there be in service .
I be recently travel down I - 24 from Nashville with my 3 young child and have a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro .
it be 4:50 when a friend tell I to call Bud , he would take care of I .
not only do they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday , they hit the ground move !.
they track down the only tire that fit my BMW 330i in Murfreesboro within minute and secure it , then they come out , take off my tire ( it be a runflat - but runflat _ do you any good if they blow out ) , and bring it to they shop to change the tire .
they be back quickly consider how far outside of Murfreesboro we be and have we on we way by 6:30 that evening .
thanks Bud for all of you help and take time away from you family that evening .
_ without a doubt , the good service experience _ ever have and just to be clear , the price he charge I be the same as my tire guy in _ price for put on the other rear tire .
I hope I can return the favor in the future !
Alan Grissom
room ok .
service and client base not ok .
I have stay in this hotel many time , and while it typically offer a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consist of troubled youngster and evictee from the local , not so pleasant hood .
I have never consider this a real problem as I travel without kid and can fend for myself , but when I have to listen to a ( non-violent ) domestic fight that last from 1 am to 5 am during my last stay and I find out that the front desk be unmanned during night hour , my choice be to either waste tax payer money by call for a yet another police dispatch to this hotel , or just get over it .
I choose the latter , but approach the front desk about the hotel policy to push over they responsibility on local authority , not to mention the good _ sleep I pay for but _ get .
I be tell management would call I back but still wait for that call .
I will probably stay here again because _ cheap and I _ afford a good hotel , but do not look forward to it and would definitely not recommend this hotel for family or single female traveller .
be there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yell at I and my son because we believe he leave the grandma slice in the oven a little too long and the cheese get all dry out and the slice taste more like a cracker .
he proceed to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yell at I say , " you do not order what you do not know about " and " you _ know how pizza be make " .
it be very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .
he be in the process of make I a pie and when I get home , the pie be the bad I have ever see .
cheese be fall off , so oily and greasy .
I think he do it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that _ so well - done ( actually , burnt ) .
I will never go back to this place and I be report they to the good business bureau for such horrible customer relation and basically sabotage my pizza and take my $ 25 .
this story be 100 % true .
that little man who think he invent pizza can kiss my ass .
long line , silly rule , rude staff , ok food
the first thing you notice when you arrive on location be that the waiting line literally go out the door and spill into the parking lot .
a restaurant with this many patron willing to stand in line just to order taco must be good , right ?
I mean , _ the way it work at amusement park : the long line be at the good ride .
well , this may be a exception .
the staff take you order and " wait " on you be very indifferent and have no sense of customer service at all .
I have get good result talk to COMCAST customer service than with this folk .
and _ even think about ask to speak to the manager because this guy be , and pardon my French , a jerk .
if you have get through ordering , deal with the rude staff and if you follow the dumb rule , you be finally present with what you come for .. some taco that be " ok , " but definitely not worth put up with all the hassle .
save yourself the trouble and skip this place altogether _ .
I suggest you go up to rage Taco & rage Burrito a couple of block up the street or even Taco Mac .
wish this be in Saratoga --
we be introduce to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happen to own the Adelphi Hotel and travel the world -- and reside in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .
she know great food and dining experience .
she be dead on -- this restaurant be wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .
I can tell you we be pleasantly surprise -- BT have taste memory and each time back the food be consistently delicious -- same dish -- be consistent .
we friend be a world traveler and love unpretentious dining experience and inspired food .
this chef know what he be do .
treat yourself and go -- you will go back !
I be a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant be in we town !
the affordable rent make it possible for a inspired chef to serve he high quality fare at affordable price !
unlike Saratoga .
I rarely seek the chef out to introduce myself -- but the second time we go -- I make a point of ask we wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell he just how good we meal be .
_ wait to go again .
- R. Morris .
I think that _ pretty good .
first of all , if you call for a appointment they _ tell you to call back a month late so you can then make one .
they also _ tell you that _ go to mail you a " application " to be admit to be a patient .
I feel that the way some _ office work around here be a little bit absurd so _ happy that this guy _ do that two thing in particular .
usually you can be see the same week or maybe the follow week .
the doctor do tell I that my male pattern baldness be due to my _ father because the gene be exclusively pass on through maternal line but _ a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .
in general I would say that the staff be attentive and nice .
but then again I be nice to they so that could have be why .
anyhow , after read some of the other review it seem like some of the other reviewer be expect miracle .
if you want miracle _ have to go to 21st St .
_ a pretty typical primary care office but for the area _ very good .
they _ do certain thing that be really annoying about other office .
first trip to Canada
I recently travel to Canada on business and have a most excellent experience .
I work for a large retail company recently expand we operation into Canada and have to travel to ensure all of we computer network equipment be install properly and on time .
this can tend to be a stressful experience in itself let alone add cross border for the first time .
I be very pleased to find my accommodation and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .
I find the hotel to be amazingly clean , not to mention very well adorn with many pleasant surprise .
from my first encounter at check in to my regrettable check out I find the staff and facility to exceed my expectation .
I completely enjoy my whole check in experience and be impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodation themselves .
I will be travel in this area in the future and you can be assure that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotel and Novotel will be my first selection .
yes the parking can be a challenge but be from NJ I be no stranger to tight corner .
please pass my appreciation to the staff and management for they excellent hospitality and good spirit as it help make a stressful trip enjoyable .
favorite place in Tampa .
update : I have to add to my review .
I be just in last night and have a chance to dine in they new dining room .
amazing !
I frequent this restaurant on a weekly basis but usually only for lunch .
well I be in for a treat when I be greet by the friendly girl at the counter who ask if my wife and I would like to sit in they " new " dining room .
right away they tell we that it be the same great food with the same price so off we go .
we be greet again and sit promptly .
after look at the menu and see the new menu item they have , we know we be in for a treat !
I have the chicken parmesan dinner and my wife have the shrimp scampi dinner .
amazing !
the portion be generous enough that we even take some home !
I have to say the value of this place always amaze I .
_ nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that have upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoy it !
bottom line be that when _ a small privately own restaurant like this be you can tell that the owner and employee take pride in they product and service .
well do !
great work and honest establishment !
I typically have work do on my Jeep at the dealership , but it be 6 year old now and get charge dealership price just _ seem cost effective anymore .
I have try out few place around the area and have be rip off a few time .
I have hear great thing about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decide to give he a try .
the service be excellent and personable .
he check out what I need to have do tell I what need be fix before he do any work and do great repair work .
the price be actually low than what I have anticipate and use to compare to other place , plus he show I the work he do when I come _ pick up the car .
also , a week after the work , Phet call I up to see how my car be run and to let I know that they have accidentally overcharge I for part of the work and want to give I a refund for that amount .
that be just unheard of this day !
I grow up in a small town where you know and trust you mechanic and be really cynical about city auto repair shop since I move here , but Phet have show that there really be honest hard work mechanic around .
he be my mechanic go forward !
we company be a high end designer handbag and fashion accessory company , thus we be certainly a niche market .
we have be evaluate seo provider for quite some time and finally decide to take the plunge with Stuart , and Ulistic .
we make the decision for a couple of reason .
1 . social media .
we be familiar with search engine optimization strategy , but new nothing about social media - we just hear that it be the next big thing .
2 . we really like the fact that Stuart set define objective and we meet once a month to go over we key performance indicator .
how have it go so far ?
well we have be work with Ulistic for 1.5 month , and have 100 people follow we site on Facebook , and we web site , www.designofashion.com have see a 3 fold increase in traffic , which be significantly beat we expectation - seo be a process that take time and to get result this quickly be exceptional .
we be absolutely confident that _ ethical and focus strategy will see this trend continue to grow , and we business will reap the reward of this program .
finally , it must be say that Stuart be a fantastic person to work with , because of he solid strategy and equally as importantly because he be a genuinely good person and a great communicator .
excellent service and quality
I have Hom - Excel replace most of the window in my Tampa residence three year ago .
the excellent window have perform without any problem , but _ not why _ write my review .
three week ago , burglar try to gain entry into the rear of my home .
the intruder slit the screen of the window .
next , they try to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer .
the window _ break !
my next - door neighbor hear the noise and turn on a light , thankfully scare the two miscreant away ( they even leave they hammer behind ! ) .
I call Home - Excel the next day to order a replacement screen for the window , and be happily surprise when they say that they _ even go to charge I for the replacement screen ... that it would be cover under they guarantee .
lo and behold , they replace the screen ( which have to be order ) yesterday and _ charge I a dime .
they worker even clean 3 of my window and change a lightbulb for I .
in this day and age , it be so rare to find a company with such nice worker and such far range guarantee policy .
I rarely write review such as this one , but they certainly deserve _ business !
friendly staff , but definitely some problem
May , 2009 .
we be book at the Sheraton with a number of other out - of - town wedding guest .
get put into the wrong room the first night , and be quite surprised to have someone with the same room key try to get in the door at 1:00 am !
next day get move into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guest .
there be 3 adult in we room but towel for only 2 , no linen for sofa bed .
in the second room it take 3 try to get all the towel and linen we request .
a package and some wedding card be leave in we first room .
they be send to we second room and have be open -- the ribbon - wrap present , and all 3 envelope .
security in the hotel seem to be excellent , but we be never give a explanation as to why someone would open this item .
a mid-afternoon " fire drill " be disruptive , put everyone out of the hotel .
when we call the front desk about a extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside we door quite late at night , it seem to take the hotel staff quite a while to quiet they down .
the staff be friendly , especially the front desk female supervisor , and seem to want to help , but too many unusual thing happen to make we want to stay there again .
be careful of who you sale guy be
I think this place be probably really great especially judge by the review on here .
my experience be awful though .
it all have to do with the sales guy which be a young 22 year old who have admittedly only be work for 2 week .
I be extremely interested in the car and very likely would have buy it , but the sales guy I deal with ruin the deal .
essentially , I tell he I _ trust he cause he be a car salesman , but he get so incredibly offended at that statement that he have to go cry to another salesman and compose himself before come back .
I _ know if the kid have a bad day or what , but I have to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minute until he drop the issue .
after that , I just try to ignore he lack of professionalism and test drive the car .
I play dumb and ask he question that I already know the answer to and he respond with half truth and a few falsehood .
for instance I ask who own Mazda and he say with confidence that be GM , which _ true .
I mean , I _ care if he _ know , but if he pretend to know and tell I bs to my face , _ no way _ go to trust he when matter turn to the price of the car and financing .
the bad Chinese _ ever have
this be by far the bad Chinese food I have ever have .
the service stink .
I call in my order and upon arrive to pick it up , they get my order confuse with someone _ .
they help about three other people before they offer to help I again .
they also get my _ order mix up and want to charge she $ 10 more than what she have want .
she ask for the dinner combo and they give she two dinner plate instead .
we be stand in the store for 20 minute to simply pick up a order .
not to mention that the wait staff be about as pleasant as deal with a angry bull .
they be abrasive and rude - when they be the one who mess everything up .
we have to throw out about 80 percent of we meal because the food taste so horrible .
I _ know how it be possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puff taste that bad but China Delight accomplish that .
the only thing that be edible be the steam rice and the vegetable lo mein be barely tolerable .
I will never go here again .
Lucky Panda in Willis be a billion time good in service and quality of the meal .
I have no idea how China Delight win number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - there need to be a recount on that vote .
terrible service
one of the bad experience _ ever have with a auto repair shop .
we take we vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning .
approx 4 month late , the compressor go out .
we take it back in to have it repair again , and less than a week late the second compressor go out .
we go in for a third visit and they fix it again , but this time when we pick up the car , the radio and clock do not work .
so for the 4th time in 5 month and the third time in 2 week , we bring the car back again .
when we express we discontent to the manager ( _ right , the manager ) , do he say he would return some money , do he say he would give a discount on we next visit , do he just say " _ sorry " .
nope , none of the above .
he stand there and tell we how he _ at fault .
it be the fault of the part supplier , and can we imagine how he feel have to put another 2 hour of work in the car .
and what do we expect ... that he bench test every part .
at no time during the conversation do the word , " _ sorry " ever come out of he mouth .
I , nor anyone else in my family , will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again .
well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car go out .
do not use this company !
I drop off a sheet metal piece that I need copy due to that it be need to be replace .
I ask if they could copy the piece I drop off .
they say it would be make exactly like the one I need to replace .
I pick it up when it be finished and be charge 30.00 .
when I get to the job and try to insert the new piece of metal it would not fit !!
I take the original piece of metal and rig it to make due since I have to complete the job .
I take the receipt and the metal that do not fit and ask Pomper for my money back .
the girl at the desk be so rude I could not believe it !
she tell I she could not use the piece I be return and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .
I explain I do not get what I pay for .
she ask I to bring the original piece back and I tell she I have to use it on the job .
she tell I that be too bad she would do nothing to help I since she could not use or resell the piece .
I say I be go to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .
with a smirk on she face she tell I no money be be return and that be the way it be .
do not use this company .
there be too many people that need we business to have to put up with this unfair treatment !!!!!
I would never recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this be base solely on the _ own unprofessionalism .
when I originally join in January I only do so because I be tell I would be able to cancel the 12 month membership if I be to move away .
I sign up with one of the staff who be very pleasant and professional .
actually work out there be good - the machine be nice and the class be fun .
the locker room be certainly lack - I would never shower or change there .
they need to update the locker room asap .
back to my poor rating - I be accept to medical school and go in to cancel my membership as I be tell I could do since I be move away .
the owner be very rude , accuse I of not read my contract , and basically tell I to shut up when I be try to ask question to further understand the process of cancel my membership .
I be able to cancel it but only after pay a $ 50 fee ( which the staff person who sign I up state I would not have to pay if I have proof of moving ) and be speak to in a very belittling manner .
I would understand if I be be treat this way by a staff member but the _ actual owner ?!
bad for business .
I be appalled .
I will never recommend this gym to any woman .
the equipment and class _ good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!
there be good place on the cape - FITNESS 500 !
the salon experience from Hell
I feel obligated to share this story .
right out of college I call the salon and explain my situation .
just graduate , just move , not rich , and start new job soon .
I never get a price quote over the phone and they take you cc info just to make the appointment because if you _ show up , _ charge you .
I have this ridiculous celebrity stylist from LA name Derrick .
after he already put product on my hair he say " I should warn you , _ expensive . "
what be I suppose to do , say I _ afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .
I want to be very blonde and instead he pull my root color throughout my whole hair which be a gross mousey brown .
the other stylist around I keep pressure I say _ so wonderful , _ go to love you hair .
$ 400 late my jaw drop when the receptionist tell I the total .
Derrick do a terrible job , be a complete jerk the entire time , and I have no warning as to the price .
I cry the entire way home .
he then " fix " it for free but it still look like crap .
I will never go back .
it be the salon experience from absolutely Hell .
he also tell I that he work on the cast of will and grace and that they be all jerk .
_ my favorite show of all time .
_ pretty sure for the cast that it be the other way around .
maybe he _ do a good job and they tell he so .
absolute nightmare !
stay away !
very unhappy ...
work with Rod Jacobsen be my first experience work with a cpa , so I do not know what to expect .
that say - he seem to be do well enough .
however , then I ask to amend my return to apply a credit I have just become eligible for .
I expect to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I receive a bill for more than what I pay to have the original return prepare .
ask why , Rod simply tell I that he have to research how to do the amendment ( it be a amendment to show that I have purchase a home - nothing out of the ordinary , one would think ) and that take time to figure out .
well , that be strike one .
I _ go to use they again , but I be go to leave it at that .
however , now that I have come to realize that I be go to owe the IRS $ 6000 + despite do exactly what Rod tell I to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .
last year , after all be say and do , I ask Rod whether my payment structure would leave I with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .
he say yes .
well , again , I be now face with a tax bill of $ 6000 + , all due on April 15 , 2010 and all that Rod have to say to the matter be ' well , you _ have to pay a penalty . '
I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this be not what I have in mind when hire this guy .
in the word of my new accountant , they let I down !
bit sketchy , sporadic delivery time
I buy about half of the furniture I own from this place .
why ?
because they cut I good deal if I pay in cash .
sketchy , right ?
well they come through and deliver almost all of my item within a few day .
( they even get I a couch pretty quickly . )
the guy who be cut I the deal and get I the furniture quickly , Ahmed , be nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .
then one day , Ahmed leave the country , not to return for month , without inform I .
he also neglect to tell the other person work at the store about a dining room table that I have order and that be suppose to be come in .
the other person work at the store _ know that I still have this table come .
I have pay in cash , and he say he have no receipt / record of my purchase .
I come back with the receipt Ahmed have provide upon my purchase , and the guy take forever to copy it but say that he would take care of the situation .
I wait .
and wait .
he never once contact we .
_ have to pester this new guy several time to ask when my table will arrive .
he keep say different arrival / delivery date and _ seem terribly apologetic .
it have be 3 week and I still _ have my table ( which be not cheap , I might add ) .
point be : you might be able to get a good deal on some nice furniture -- which I do -- but _ not very communicative and god forbid something go wrong , _ have to fight to get it resolve .
poor service
run _ walk .
my experience with Home Delivery Service have be one of disappointment and anger .
if I could give they a low rating than poor I would .
on August 21st , 2009 I order furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and contract for HDS to deliver it .
after seventeen day the delivery van show up at my home minus two piece .
I be late tell they have be leave at the warehouse and some future date they would be deliver .
no one will give I a date .
I spend $ 2300 on the bedroom suite , which be complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .
upon delivery it be clear the entire set be damage : a piece of wood be broke on the headboard ; the chest of drawer be miss all four piece necessary to attach the leg ; the dresser back leg be push in cause the dresser to lean into the wall ; and a nightstand be miss a drawer .
how do you lose a drawer .
after complain on September 10th to National Home Furnishings , Boyles , the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery Service the latter finally call I back and say they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawer at some future point and at some late point it would be professional repair and at some late point it would be return .
the customer service at Home Delivery Service be terrible let alone they promise to properly set up furniture .
so I be in limbo regard a bedroom suite .
I hope the owner and employee of this store have break bedroom suite in they home and furniture sit in _ warehouse .
maybe then they will begin to understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service .
excellent driving school
I be involve in a car accident 20 year ago and since then _ be a nervous wreck and _ be behind the wheel .
unfortunately , a family emergency require I to conquer this fear .
a very good friend of mine highly recommend the Professional Driving School and I be tell to specifically ask for Gerry .
she highly recommend he and describe he as the " saintly instructor and simply the good instructor there be .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in give instruction " .
I call the school most probably 10 time before I finally enrol in a 20 hour package .
I have to cancel my initial lesson 4 time and on the 5th attempt the management be quick enough to associate my cancellation with my fear and finally encourage I into take my initial lesson .
five minute before my initial lesson , I get a call from Gerry advise I of he arrival and to come down as soon as I be ready .
my heart pound as I walk down and pound even fast upon see Gerry in a SUV - Lexus !
I think of cancel the lesson once again because I _ feel comfortable drive a suv .
Gerry pleasantly say " since I be already here why _ we give it shot .
I trust you and believe that _ be able to handle this and all you have to do be to reciprocate !
trust I and most especially trust and believe in yourself .
_ worry , _ take care of you ! "
....... the rest be history !
here I be now drive confidently on my own .
Gerry , I _ thank you enough for help I cope with my fear .
to my friend , thank you for you recommendation ... you be true to you word in say Gerry be a " saintly instructor ... absolutely simply the good instructor and good driving school there be !
review on house of Joy Chinese Restaurant
my family and I move to San Antonio a year ago and have try almost all of the Chinese restaurant because we love Chinese food .
well it take we a while to find one that we like .
but we _ just like house of Joy we love it .
everything we have get there have be more authentic and well taste than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have be to -- and trust I we have be to a lot of they .
we just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we have to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .
we stop in and get some take out and _ stop go back .
they have the good Egg Drop Soup I have ever taste .
we also love they egg roll and spring roll .
and every entree we have order be perfect .
everything be always cook fresh and taste fresh .
they price be extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .
the staff be also just so pleasant to deal with .
they be also quick at get you order out to you .
you _ have to sit and wait around forever like most place !!
so anyone look for a excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 thing --- you _ regret it !!
and you will go back for more !!!
Karla Ferguson - Granger
ps I have notice on here that someone leave a comment that " all of the nice comment must come from co worker or friend " and I will tell you that I _ know this people except from eat at they restaurant .
we be from Virginia and just move here a year ago .
so that comment be completely false .
because we think _ the good !!!
and we _ know they except for eat there .
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS be not a good doctor
I be not sure about the quality of the other doctor there , but I do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka be not a man of he word , and be also very cruel and uncaring !!
he be go to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .
I have a surgery date of July 17 , 2008 .
then he renege when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though I agree to be on the ventilator for 2 month follow surgery ( as he have twice state I must agree to ) .
he late say that by 2 month he " mean at least two month " .
two month and at least two month be totally different thing .
he do not even give I the chance to say I would stay on the ventilator long , which I would have .
a Health Care Proxy be not write in stone and can be change .
he also never even say he be sorry .
just say I be inoperable and walk out of the hospital room .
so , therefore , now he say I be inoperable ( even though I be not 100 % inoperable ) , and he be let I die .
I be just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor I have no other alternative .
I , along with my friend , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he be not even try to save my life by operate .
even my PA I go to the other day say " it must be comforting to have go to a heart surgeon like he who will do nothing for you " .
he say it sarcastically .
if you want a doctor who will lie to you and say he will operate and then change he mind , and not know what he be talk about when he recommend procedure at other hospital and say they be what you need , when they will not work for you , go to this doctor ... he be the one for you .
what you can learn from the below ' bad experience ' .
I would suggest not avoid Second Home base on the ' bad experience ' review .
_ probably be more inclined to board my two dog here , see that they _ just take every dog come in .
_ tour this place and be impress by how clean the place be , and all the option for the dog .
_ unfortunate that bmil believe that he ' perfect ' dog be not give the right opportunity to prove himself .
but _ do hundred of dog introduction myself ( another place , I _ work here ) , and owner can have unrealistic expectation and view of what they see when they dog meet other dog .
worker who do this introduction look at the interaction objectively ; and _ good to see they be able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .
it sound ( accord to you own statement ) that they have a roomful of dog , so they must be do something right - and be keep that dog safe from potential problem .
you say you work a lot , and that you have a young dog ; so I have little doubt that you dog be just fill with energy to burn ; and it be good of you to look for a place to take he .
but not at a risk to other _ pet .
you be clearly give another alternative by Second Home , to board he - which might have give you dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple time , get used to the place and maybe facilitate another attempt to get into daycare late .
no business be go to push customer away without good reason ; so _ it reasonable to think they might know what _ do ?
my dog be far from perfect , and one of they I believe would be a little much for daycare here herself ( at least initially ) .
be a little more reasonable with you expectation of a place like this ; and maybe _ jump to personal attack suggest that they _ want to work hard , just because you bruise you own ego .
dumb fucker ever
I call dominos tonight , it ring forever , I get put on hold twice without say a word and finally someone say , may I help you ?
so I say : _ at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( build in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?
they say no , Warwick in New Jersey , call New Jersey .
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick be in New York , but _ at the Radison - Warwick .
and he say : _ at Warwick in Pennsylvania ?
and I say , yes , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he say , no , Warwick be a township , if _ at a Radison in Warwick _ too far , try dominos in Pottstown .
I say , no , I be at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .
he say : I not know that town , I have to get to work , _ in PHILLY .
call dominos in you town .
I say listen : _ at 17th and LOCUST , do you deliver there ?
he say , I have to have a exact address .
ok , 1701 LOCUST STREET I say .
he say : why you tell I _ in WARWICK TOWNSHIP ?
he give the phone to a girl , she say , I have to have you address , I say , do you deliver to 17th and locust , she say , you exact address , I say 1 - 7 - 0 - 1 Locust , be you sure ? she ask ?
yes I be sure , well , she say , be that on 17th street .
yes , I say .
17th , like over by 16th and 15th yes , I say , one mile west of you .
_ at 7th .
I be just south of Walnut .
she say , be that 17th like over past broad .
yes , I be west of broad .
Broad , I say , be 14th street and I be 3 block west of broad and one south of walnut .
hmm , she say , then why be you call here , we _ go past broad ?
anyway , after much yelling and cussing I hang up , grab a cab , and go to _ .
quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem !
B&B come out very quickly to give we we quote back in June .
they be very polite , eager to answer any question and willing to wait for we to return from vacation to begin install we fence .
we fence be install quickly in August and they have they money and leave say " workmanship be guarantee for a year ! " .
within a week we notice one of the board on we gate split where a nail have go in .
we call we representative who assure I he would call the office and have it take care of .
we hear nothing .
we then call the office and the man we speak to say _ send someone out to look at it but _ promise when - two week come and go and we hear nothing .
I just call again and be tell that workmanship , not wood , be guarantee for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which be part of workmanship !
she even go so far as to say " _ call about one board ? "
well - when you pay over $ 1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good !!!
yes !
I be call about one board !!
_ very frustrated at this point - it would take all of 10 minute for they to come by and replace the one board that be crack ( the crack be deep enough to stick a penny in it and it go clear through ) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once be a happy customer and have now become a dissatisfied customer .
so I figure if they _ want to take the time to fix the fence that they install then _ take the time to let everyone I can know about how they treat customer once they have you money !!!
stay away !!!
you get what you pay for !!!
they come in under a lot of other quote and now I know why !!!
when the fence be first install I would have give they five star , now for they poor customer follow - up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have drop to a one - star in my opinion !
lot of rule , phantom innkeeper , last minute price be worth it .
I call the " 207 " number and listen to the same recording loop 3 time before I give up .
I then call the 800 number ( which be answer ) and inquire about last minute rate .
they have a room with a $ 99 rate , which I book .
the room be suppose to be on the 2nd floor , but they put we on the 3rd .
the email confirmation ( which I read in the car ) warn about large suitcase , declare that we be innkeeper , not longshoreman .
in other word , they do not help with suitcase , but they promise tote to help .
however upon we arrival no one there ( the inn be open ) .
so no tote .
finally a chambermaid stick she head around the corner from the top of the stair and tell we sternly that we could not be accommodate until 3 m , no exception .
then she be gone .
we return after 3 pm , find no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with direction to we room .
rule in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in you room you must prove it by leave the can in the trash .
if they think _ take a soda from you room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .
they count the can in the trash to make sure .
# 2 ) if you take the shampoo product home , they will charge you $ 8 per item .
# ) if you want a late checkout , ( after 11 am ) they charge you $ 15 for the first hour , $ 25 for the second hour , and after 2 pm _ a full day charge .
# 4 ) breakfast be 8 am to 10 am .
no early and no late .
if you go late , _ all clean up .
( by whom , I _ know .
I never see anyone there .
all this rule be post in the room . )
snack : uninspired bread , tea back , and individual coffee thing for a machine that _ exist .
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settle for a cup of weak coffee .
no wine glass .
room be clean , but have a weird , dated , sink / stove combo that _ work .
bath be clean except shower stall which have mildew problem .
no tub .
the inn tout a shower with dual shower head , but only one work .
_ get the room off the two kitchen .
they be right off the kitchen so you hear everything .
free parking .
_ go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I _ pay they rack rate .
quit with the overstatement !
the bad thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav be to have too many people write hyperbolic review make claim that " everyone " be go to " love " the food , decor and service .
the truth be , in my and my dining _ experience , this be a fine little restaurant with some unique food .
_ a entirely up and down experience , however .
now , the good of that unique food come at the very beginning of the meal .
the salatim salad be the small plate _ ever see place in front of I ( you would most likely think they be condiment if it _ explain to you ) .
though they be mostly excellent , you generally _ get enough forkful to know if you really love they .
that be say , the laffa and hummus be out of this world .
then again , for the three of we who dine together , two piece of flatbread leave we fight for more , and lick the hummus from we finger ( and yes , that two piece of flatbread do represent a three - person order ) .
dinner be also a up - and - down experience .
the vegetarian dish and light fare be almost always spot - on , while the lamb be often dry and / or overcooked .
the duck be a 65 % glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy , crispy delicacy it usually represent at other establishment .
dessert be ... hmm , _ interesting , I _ even remember dessert .
I guess that tell you a lot .
oh , yes , the chocolate semifreddo be quite good .
the warm chocolate cake be very tasty , but serve at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .
and my -- no , I still _ remember what I have .
service be average , but nothing special , and restaurant that be suppose to be excellent should do a good job of train they waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .
perhaps have we not go into this restaurant believe Zahav be go to be golden as its name suggest ( and as the many golden review seem to attest ) , we would have enjoy a decent little expensive experience .
but one should not go here expect something fantastic , unless perhaps _ never have middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion size or actually warm chocolate dessert .
ps ) when we call for a reservation , we be tell that 5:00 and 9:30 be they only opening .
when we arrive at 5 , and leave circa 7 , there be the same 4 or 5 empty table surround we .
do they think we be go to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with we dining experience ?
must read - do not waste you time in this store .
at my appointment the girl help I be unable to adequately lace up some of the dress .
they feel like they be go to fall off of I and it be very difficult to see what I would actually look like be I to purchase some of this dress .
I think it would be a good idea to see how a few that I like would look like on a model ( by look the dress up online ) .
so , as I be leave I ask for the designer / dress name or style number associate with my top pick .
they say they be " unable to tell I until they order my dress " .
hmm ... a person _ call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer be unknown ... supposedly ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .
do other bride fall for this ???
they either : a ) _ want to give it to I because they _ want I purchase the dress elsewhere or b ) be recreate the dress themselves ( ie steal other _ dress design and " fill the order " by they own seamstress ) .
_ no detective but ... uh ... seriously ?!?
whatever type of operation they be run , _ not interested and if _ smart , you _ be either .
what a waste of time .
aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sale lady be quite comfortable tell I how wrong I be about how another dress that I love compare to one of she dress that I be try on .
somehow , since she supposedly _ know any name of designer / dress , after I tell she the designer and dress name of the one I be compare , she know " exactly which dress " I be refer to and disagree with my observation ; she say that the bodice do come as low as the one I have on .
my point : even if I be wrong , _ sit there and argue with the customer .
say something like , " huh .
I _ think so but you could be right . "
unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she be and try and force she into a dress _ obviously not love " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .
seriously : do not waste you time .
other shop around this city have much nice and more transparent owner .
not owner that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service .
I feel very much like Wedding Gallery be be dishonest and I _ trust they to lace I up in another gown let alone trust they with the gown I will wear on the most important day of my life .
awful service !
after happily visit Sears Automotives in the past , I be shocked at the horrible service receive at they Greensboro location .
I bring my car in on a Sunday to replace a shred tire .
I wait about 20 minute in the store part before anyone be able to assist I and be then tell to pull my car into the shop ( that be apparently what you be suppose to do , but the big sign point you that way be for some reason keep inside the garage , so you _ see they drive up , and they purposely block the front pull - up that all other Sears use ) .
once inside , I have to stand around for at least 10 more minute before -- finally -- a technician get to I .
once I return to pick up my car , you can believe I spend quite a bit more time stand around wait .
I have want to split the total between a credit card and check card since I be be reimburse for the tire but be tell this _ possible .
once I actually get back in my car , it be dirty and have grease all over the steering wheel .
ok , one bad experience ... fine .
the follow Friday , I return with my car to go ahead and replace the other 3 tire , which be worn .
I would not have go back , but I _ find the particular tire _ use in stock anywhere else .
once again , I wait for quite a bit before be attend to .
I get the order complete , and then question the technician since it come out about $ 40 less than I expect .
he say it be the same tire , and verify this , after check both the actual tire on my car and my service paper from early in the week .
however , when he print out the service quote , I could see that it be not the correct tire , and be not even a appropriate tire for my car model .
so I point this out to he , at which point he say they only have one of the correct tire in stock .
ok -- fine .
so I get just my other rear tire replace .
they promise _ be do within a hour , so I wait in the lobby .
over two hour late ( and ten minute before they close ) my car be finally finish .
a few minute after I leave , I be call and inform that " I " leave my wheel lock ( which they should have leave in the car ) .
of course , they would be close in 5 minute , so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day .
of course I _ make it back in time ( and they apparently could not stay 5 extra minute to wait for I ) .
the next day , no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician be not in .
of course , they _ call he either to ask about it because apparently they _ keep they _ phone number ( right ) , so I would have to return on Monday ( drive for 3 day now with no wheel lock should I get a flat ) .
on Monday I call and again it be a big to - do to find anyone who know anything about it .
supposedly they will be hold it for I this evening , but _ sure that will also be a huge ordeal .
the employee at this Sears be completely apathetic and there _ seem to be any sort of management that I could see .
I will never return there again ( and now have some serious doubt about the quality of work they actually perform on my car ) .
